Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, on the eve of this debate in July 2001, Washington Post columnist Charles Krauthammer referred to Mr. Greenwood's legislative approach to human cloning ``a nightmare of a bill.'' He said, ``Mr. Greenwood sanctions, licenses, and protects the launching of the most ghoulish and dangerous enterprise in modern scientific history, the creation of a nascent cloned human life for the sole purpose of its exploitation and destruction.''  The majority of the House, like Mr. Krauthammer, rejected the Greenwood amendment by a vote of 178 to 249. We got it right then, and I do hope that Members today will vote against the Greenwood substitute. The Greenwood substitute, Mr. Chairman, would, for the first time in human history, sanction the creation of human life with the demand, backed by new Federal criminal and civil sanctions, that the new life be destroyed after being exploited.  For the small inconvenience of registering your name and your business address, and filling out a form, you would be licensed to play God by creating life in your own image or someone else's. You would have the right to create embryo farms or anything else science might someday allow to be created outside the womb. And in the end, only failure to kill that which you had created would be against the law. We call it, Mr. Chairman, clone and kill. Amazingly, the only new crime created by the Greenwood amendment is failure to kill all human lives created. Federal law would say, create as many as you like, so long as you eventually kill them.  Mr. Chairman, the clear consequence, I believe, of the Greenwood substitute is that it would not even stop the birth of a human clone, which it proposes to do with a moratorium. Because his approach would encourage the creation of cloned embryo stockpiles and cloned embryo farms, it would make the hard part of human cloning completely legal and would make the relatively easy part, implantation, illegal.  I strongly support the underlying bill and urge rejection of the Greenwood substitute.  