Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, Public Law 106-386 has made an enormous positive difference in our efforts to end modern-day slavery, a nefarious enterprise that, according to the United Nations, nets the exploiters something in the order of $7 billion to $10 billion each year.  This modern-day slavery, this terrible practice that is in our midst, enslaves more than 800,000 to 900,000 people according to the United States Department of State, of which about 20,000 are brought to this country every year to be exploited in the sex trade and in other aspects of this modern-day slavery. That number, I would point out to my colleagues, does not even include those who are trafficked intra-country. For instance, in places like India where there are millions of women who are forced into sexual slavery, they are not even counted in this number. It is for the victim, a difference without a distinction like the difference between a refugee and the internally displaced person--IDP. They suffer the same misery, but they have not crossed a geographic border. But nevertheless, the exploitation continues.  The 3-year-old landmark law with its numerous mutually-reinforcing provisions to prevent trafficking, to protect victims, and to prosecute to the max those who traffic, has been a model statute worldwide. Indeed, many of its provisions have been adopted into law, in whole or in part, by governments around the world.  Mr. Speaker, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 does not pull any punches. By naming the names of countries out of compliance with what we call ``minimum standards'', and by imposing smart sanctions that are prescribed in the Act, the withholding of nonhumanitarian foreign aid, for example, we have signaled to the world that ending this egregious practice is among the highest priorities of the United States. By prosecuting traffickers and imposing serious jail time, and I would note parenthetically that in my own State of New Jersey, a group of traffickers were convicted under the Act and got just over 17 years for their crimes. So the law is being implemented around the country. There is something in the order of 79 current Federal prosecutions that have beeninitiated. We are telling these exploiters that we are coming after you and you are going to have to pay for your crimes.  By protecting the victims, Mr. Speaker, and not sending them back to their home country where they are often exploited again in a cycle of exploitation, we say to the victims, we will try to make you safe and secure. I would point out that nearly 400 survivors of trafficking are already getting help here in the United States and rebuilding their shattered lives.  For its part, Mr. Speaker, the Bush administration has aggressively sought to implement both the spirit and the letter of the law. Our former Congressional colleague, John Miller, is doing an exemplary job as director of what we call the Trafficking in Persons Office. He is living this 24-7 and has a fire in the belly to try to stop the traffickers and provide a save haven for the women. I commend our former colleague for his outstanding work.  President Bush himself is deeply committed to ending slavery and recently told the U.N. General Assembly that trafficking was a ``special evil in the abuse and exploitation of the most innocent and the most vulnerable.'' He called on the United Nations and its member states to do more; and I am proud of the fact that President Bush has led in both spirit, word and in deed.  Last year President Bush issued what is known as NSPD-22 which established a zero-tolerance policy regarding the U.S. Government employees and contractor personnel representing U.S. abroad who engage in trafficking in persons. In other words, if you do business with the United States, if you are one of our contractors, do not be involved in any way, shape or form, do not be complicit in trafficking. If you do, you are in big trouble and its going to cost you the contract.  The DOD Inspector General, Joseph Schmitz, has released phase one of a global assessment of human trafficking as it relates to the Department of Defense and its activity. We have found that in many of our deployments, that many of our soldiers, sailors, Marines and airmen were actually visiting places where women have been trafficked from Russia and the Philippines. And this is particularly the case in South Korea.  Thankfully, as a result of this Inspector General's report and the action plan that followed, we are achieving the zero-tolerance policy as it relates to our deployments, and hopefully NATO will follow suit soon.  Notwithstanding these initial successes, Mr. Speaker, it is clear that even more has to be done to destroy this mob-infested criminal enterprise known as human trafficking.  The bill before the House today, the Smith-Lantos bill, enhances our efforts. I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) for his leadership on this. We are working in a partnership that is really making a difference. This legislation that is before us today tries to update, expand, and improve our law. There have been lessons learned since the first law was enacted 3 years ago. They are incorporated into this legislation as we try to do a better job in mitigating the suffering of the victims while simultaneously going after those who traffic and the countries that harbor traffickers who are part of the problems themselves.  Mr. Speaker, I would ask my colleagues to support this legislation. It has a number of mutually-reenforcing provisions, just like the original bill. But it updates current law and expands it as well. For example, we would now require that U.S. contracts relating to international affairs contain clauses authorizing termination by the United States if a contractor engages in human trafficking or procures commercial sexual services while the contract is in force.  We have found, Mr. Speaker, through hearings that have been held, that companies like DynCorps, where we have provided money for their overseas work in the area of policing, particularly in the Balkans, that some of their members, some of those that we are underwriting the cost of, are engaged in trafficking. This is unacceptable. Unfortunately, the only things that happened to those individual employees was they were sent home. The contract continued unabated. This legislation will say, Department of State, DOD or any of the others can rip up that contract if a contractor's personnel are involved in trafficking.  We also promote innovative trafficking prevention initiatives, such as border interdiction programs. And we urge working with private/public partnership on trying to educate and alert travelers as to what is going on with our sex tourism laws so that they know they will be prosecuted. An informational campaign will follow from that.  We provide protections for trafficking victims by allowing State or local law enforcement authorities to assist in identifying the victims of trafficking who have cooperated in the investigation or prosecution of trafficking crimes.  We allow trafficking victims to sue their traffickers in U.S. courts. We eliminate the requirement that the victim of trafficking between the ages of 15 and 18 must cooperate with the investigation and the prosecution of his or her trafficker in order to be eligible for a T Visa. That was an oversight in the first law. It is fixed in this legislation.  We allow benefits and services available to victims of trafficking to be available to their family members and that they may be legally entitled to join them here in the United States. So we do not have the separation and we do not have the situation where they can be exploited back home because their daughter or their sister or their wife, who had been trafficked, goes into a situation of protection here. They are no longer vulnerable back home. They can come and join them as immigrants.  We also provide prosecution of trafficking-related crimes through a number of provisions, including making human trafficking crimes predicate offenses for RICO charges. We encourage the use of international law enforcement academies to train foreign law enforcement authorities, prosecutors and members of the judiciary regarding human trafficking. We permit Federal anti-trafficking statutes to be used to prosecute acts of trafficking involving foreign commerce or occurring in a special maritime or territorial jurisdiction of the United States.  Equally important in this bill we would elevate, John Miller's position, the Director of the Trafficking in Persons Office, an ambassador-at-large, raising his status and the ability to make changes both in the building, as well as outside of it, in this very important fight.  There is much more. Naturally, we authorize the money it will take to do the job and effectively implement the new law. By and large, this bill is a significant upgrading. This is a bipartisan bill. Again, I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) for his leadership on this.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  