Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the other body acted upon H.R. 1516 as amended in such a timely manner. Our action today will clear this measure for the President's signature. I am hopeful that we will have the opportunity to clear most, if not all, of our veterans measures which the House has acted upon before we adjourn next week.  The VA adopted a goal, Mr. Speaker, of providing the option of burial in a national or State veterans cemetery to 90 percent of the veterans within 75 miles of their homes. H.R. 1516, as amended, would help the VA meet that goal in six additional locations. It reflects the findings of a recently-completed VA study which determined the areas in the country most in need of a new national cemetery.  H.R. 1516, as amended, would direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a new national cemetery not later than 4 years after the date of enactment in six areas determined to be most in need of such a cemetery. Those locations include the areas of southern Pennsylvania, which will serve 170,000 veterans; Birmingham, Alabama, which will serve 212,000 veterans; Jacksonville, Florida, which will serve 189,000 veterans; Bakersfield, California, which will serve 184,000 veterans; Greenville/Columbia, South Carolina, which will serve 169,000 veterans; and, Sarasota County, Florida, which will serve 406,000 veterans.  The Senate amendments to the House bill add the Sarasota County location to the other five. I want to thank especially the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Harris) for her timely intervention in ensuring that we included that in our legislation and adopted this Senate amendment to our house bill.  All told, Mr. Speaker, more than 1.3 million veterans and their survivors will benefit from these additional cemeteries. The Secretary would be required to use the advanced planning funds to begin the work necessary for establishment of each cemetery.  Additionally, in determining the specific cemetery locations, the bill would require that the Secretary solicit the advice and views of the State and local veterans organizations representatives and other individuals as the Secretary deems appropriate.  I would especially like to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Gerlach) who is the prime sponsor of the bill and his staff for his work on the bill, as well as the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Harris) and her staff, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Brown), our very distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, and the gentleman from Maine (Mr. Michaud) who worked very hard in ensuring that this legislation was properly crafted and met the needs of our veterans. As always, I want to thank my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans), and his staff for their good work on this bill as well.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  