Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Leach), for his kind remarks. I want to especially thank him for his leadership on this issue and all human rights, especially in Asia. He has been outspoken and a very, very effective lawmaker. I want to thank him for his leadership.  I also want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) for his sponsorship of this very important piece of legislation which we have before the body today.  I do rise in strong support of H.R. 2330, the Burmese Freedom and Democracy Act. As I think my colleagues are well aware, on May 30 a group of government-affiliated thugs carried out a premeditated ambush of the motorcade of Burma democracy leader and Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, who has been jailed since then. An undetermined number of her supporters were murdered in that vicious attack.  Burma's military dictatorship, which euphemistically calls itself the State Peace and Development Council, has maintained its grip on power for the past 15 years with the use of brutal force. Although Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy won the majority of National Assembly seats in a free and fair election in 1990, the junta nullified the results and imprisoned hundreds of NLD leaders. The military regime has committed numerous other human rights abuses, such as large-scale forced labor and the use of rape as a weapon in its fight against insurgencies by ethnic minorities.  With this latest outrage, Mr. Speaker, the Burmese regime has exhausted the patience of the United States and hopefully the rest of the international community. I applaud the gentleman from California again for these efforts, for his ongoing efforts, but especially for his efforts in drafting and introducing H.R. 2330, the Burmese Freedom and Democracy Act, which the Committee on International Relations reported favorably on June 17. The bill includes a number of measures, such as a ban on trade that supports the military regime, and will send an unequivocal message to the generals in Rangoon: The people of Burma must be allowed to pursue the path of peaceful democratic development that they bravely chose 13 years ago.  Although trade sanctions are sometimes the source of controversy on this floor, they are more than justified in this situation both because of the Burmese regime's egregious behavior and because export trade is a key source of foreign exchange for the junta and its apparatus of repression. The bill includes waiver authority for the President and outlines generous conditions under which sanctions could be lifted. In addition, the text before us requires annual reapproval of the trade ban and imposes a 3-year sunset on the sanctions.  Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this very important human rights legislation.  