Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Chairman, I just want to say to my colleagues, if you voted in favor of the Flake amendment in the past, I respectfully ask you today to reconsider your vote this year.  While I make no secret of the fact that I have opposed, and will continue to oppose, lifting the travel ban until all political prisoners are released and other modest human rights forums are initiated. Today is clearly not the time to be embracing an easement on travel.  The outrages of last spring, the brutal arrest, conviction and incarceration for up to 28 years of approximately 80 of Cuba's best and brightest and bravest is just the most the visible and the most recent act of hate and cruelty by Fidel Castro. For decades to come, these individuals, these reformers will now join approximately 400 other political prisoners in Cuba's infamous Gulags, which the U.S. State Department has described as ``harsh and life threatening'', where there is torture, physical and psychological. Don't get sick in one of those Gulags because if you do, you will likely not get medical treatment and your condition will be permitted to fester.  Just read the U.S. State Dept's Country Reports of Human Rights Practices for this year and see how horrific those conditions are. The treatment of political prisoners is a scandal.  Look at what the L.A. Times said recently, and I would quote them briefly. This is an editorial in the L.A. Times, ``After years of calling for liberalized relations with Cuba, this editorial page must now urge American policymakers to hit the brakes.'' Hit the brakes my colleagues. Do not liberalize and allow Castro to reep upwards of $5 billion of profit--money that goes directly into Castro's coffers. We need to hit the brakes and at least say, not now.  Reference was made earlier about how the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) and I tried to visit Cuba. We were turned down. We wanted to visit prisoners. We wanted to see Dr. Biscet and others and do what the International Committee of the Red Cross cannot do. As we know, the ICRC has been denied, repeatedly, access to prisoners. We tried to do it, and we were turned down. And what did Fidel Castro say in one of his speeches? Because we wanted to go into the prisons and assess the situation firsthand we were ``provocateurs.''  Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) and I have visited many political prisons around the world, from Perm Camp 35 in the Soviet Union, when it was the Soviet Union, to China, Beijing Prison Number 1, where convicts from Tiananmen Square were being mistreated. I have even gotten into prisons in Indonesia, and met with East Timoree leader Xanana Gusmao, and yet we cannot get into Cuba. Yet, some Members want to lift the travel ban. Lifting the ban now sends a clear message to those who are suffering from Castro's hate and abuse that we do not care.  I know this is not the maker of this amendment's intention, but that is the message nonetheless, and I hope Members will vote no on this amendment. Stand with the oppressed in Cuba, not the oppressor.  