Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of an amendment to support human rights in Vietnam. This important amendment will impose a significant penalty on the dictators in Hanoi for their ongoing and egregious persecution of their own people.  During the 107th Congress, I introduced H.R. 2833, legislation designed to address the human rights situation in Vietnam. It passed the House by an overwhelming 410-1 margin, but stalled in the Senate. This year, I introduced nearly identical legislation, H.R. 1587, with 30 original cosponsors.  Many felt that the ratification of the Bilateral Trade Agreement with Vietnam in 2001 would lead to an improvement in human rights. Unfortunately, the human rights situation in Vietnam has deteriorated dramatically since this agreement, especially for Montagnard Christians in the Central Highlands of Vietnam. Legislation to address the serious human rights situation is needed now more than ever.  In late 2002 the Government of Vietnam launched a fresh wave of arrests and crackdowns against peaceful critics of the Vietnamese government, its policy of repression, and its corrupt practices. Unfortunately, Dr. Nguyen Dan Que, one of the country's greatest human rights leaders who has already endured two lengthy prison sentences, was arrested on March 17. This is a government that consistently pursues a policy of harassment, discrimination, and intimidation, and, increasingly in the last three years, imprisonment and other forms of detention, against those who peacefully express dissent from government's extreme policies against religion and freedom. This is a government that punishes not just individuals who oppose them, but also often their family members.  At its Seventh Plenum in January 2003, the Communist Party's Central Committee issued a resolution calling for the establishment of cells of Communist Party members within each of Vietnam's six approved religions in order to foil ``hostile forces.'' All religious groups in Vietnam face great restrictions and suffer some form of persecution.  To address these and other abuses, my amendment, based on the text of H.R. 1587: requires the President to issue a certification each year on the progress of the regime towards respecting human rights; prohibits an increase in nonhumanitarian U.S. assistance unless the regime shows improvement; seeks to fund the efforts of NGOs who promote democracy in Vietnam and help to overcome the jamming of Radio Free Asia; helps ensure continued access of refugees to our refugee resettlement programs; and requires the State Department to give detailed reports about the status of human rights in Vietnam that include victims lists.  Unfortunately, the list of human rights abuses carried out by the regime goes on and on. Buddhists, Protestants, Catholics and members of indigenous Vietnamese religions are subject to persecutions that include detention and imprisonment of both religious leaders and believers, church closings, and confiscation of religious and personal property. One of the most courageous religious leaders imprisoned is Father Nguyen Van Ly, a Catholic priest.  Tens of thousands of children suffer exploitation as workers and many Vietnamese sufferunder the government's official export labor program, in which the government forces its own people to endure involuntary servitude and debt bondage.  As Chairman of the House Veterans Affairs Committee, I am particularly concerned about the continued persecution of the Montagnards, who were some of our greatest allies during the war. Many of our pilots are alive today and have families because they were rescued by Montagnards after bailing out of downed aircraft. We receive numerous and credible reports that allege that Montagnards are being imprisoned, tortured and systematically relocated to infertile lands by the Communist Party leaders in retaliation for their past loyalty to America. This past December, Vietnamese soldiers reportedly threatened to shoot Montagnard Christians if they celebrated Christmas, and several were arrested and tortured.  I would like to submit the findings of H.R. 1587, which lay out a more complete case of Human Rights in Vietnam, to the Congressional Record. They were kept out of this amendment because of their length, but they speak loudly with respect to the regime and the world about the egregious human rights abuses occurring in Vietnam.  Vietnam's continued policy of harassment, discrimination, intimidation, and persecution of religious and human rights leaders is shameful. The Vietnam Human Rights amendment in the State Department Authorization Bill sends as strong a message that this persecution and tyranny will not be tolerated.       Findings From H.R. 1587, ``The Vietnam Human Rights Act''       Congress finds the following:       (1) Viet Nam is a one-party state, ruled and controlled by      the Vietnamese Communist Party.       (2)(A) The Government of Viet Nam denies the people of Viet      Nam the right to change their government and prohibits      independent political, social, and labor organizations.       (B) The Government of Viet Nam prohibits and hinders the      formation of civil society in Viet Nam.       (3)(A) The Government of Viet Nam consistently pursues a      policy of harassment, discrimination, and intimidation, and      sometimes of imprisonment and other forms of detention,      against those who peacefully express dissent from government      or party policy. This policy includes collectively punishing      family members of individuals targeted for persecution. A      government decree allows detention without trial for 6 months      to 2 years.       (B) Following the United States ratification of the      Bilateral Trade Agreement with Viet Nam in 2001, the human      rights situation in Viet Nam has remained extremely poor. For      certain groups, such as the Montagnards, and other ethnic      minorities in Central and North Vietnam, conditions have      deteriorated dramatically. In late 2002, the Government of      Viet Nam launched a fresh wave of arrests and crackdowns      against peaceful critics of the Vietnamese Government, its      policy of repression, and its corrupt practices.       (C) Recent victims of such mistreatment, which violates the      rights to freedom of expression and association recognized in      the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, include Dr. Nguyen      Dan Que, a leading human rights activist who was arrested on      March 17, 2003, and has already served two lengthy prison      sentences, Dr. Nguyen Thanh Giang, Most Venerable Thich Huyen      Quang, Most Venerable Thich Quang Do, linguist Tran Khue,      businessman Nguyen Khac Toan, journalist Nguyen Vu Binh,      publicist Le Chi Quang, writer Hoang Tien, military historian      Pham Que Duong, Hoang Minh Chinh, Tran Dung Tien, Hoang Trong      Dung, Nguyen Vu Viet, Nguyen Truc Cuong, Nguyen Thi Hoa, Vu      Cao Quan, Nguyen The Dam, Nguyen Thi Thanh Xuan, Father Chan      Tin, author Duong Thu Huong, poet Bui Minh Quoc, Dr. Nguyen      Xuan Tu (Ha Si Phu), Dr. Pham Hong Son, Mai Thai Linh, Most      Venerable Thich Huyen Quang, Most Venerable Thich Quang Do,      Father Nguyen Van Ly, Pastor Nguyen Lap Ma, Father Phan Van      Loi, numerous leaders of the Hoa Hao Buddhist Church and of      independent Protestant churches, and an undetermined number      of members of the Montagnard ethnic minority groups who      participated in peaceful demonstrations in the Central      Highlands of Viet Nam during February 2001.       (4) The Government of Viet Nam systematically deprives its      citizens of the fundamental right or organized religious      activities outside the state's control. Although some freedom      of worship is permitted, believers are forbidden to      participate in religious activities except under      circumstances rigidly defined and controlled by the      Government:       (A)(i) In April, 1999 the Government issued a Decree      Concerning Religious Activities, which declared in pertinent      part that ``[a]ll activities using religious belief in order      to oppose the State of the Socialist Republic of Viet Nam, to      prevent the believers from carrying out civic      responsibilities, to sabotage the union of all the people,      and against the health culture of our nation, as well as      superstitious activities, will be punished in conformity with      the law''.       (ii) All public religious activities must be approved by      the Government in advance. The United States Commission on      International Religious Freedom in October 2002 recommended      that Viet Nam be classified as a country of particular      concern. At its Seventh Plenum in January 2003, the Communist      Party's Central Committee issued a resolution calling for the      establishment of cells of Communist Party members within each      of Vietnam's 6 approved religions in order to foil ``hostile      forces''.       (B)(i) The Unified Buddhist Church of Viet Nam (UBCV), the      largest religious denomination in the country, has been      declared illegal by the Government, and over the last 27      years its clergy have often been imprisoned and subjected to      other forms of persecution. The Patriarch of the Unified      Buddhist Church, 85-year-old Most Venerable Thich Huyen      Quang, has been detained for 25 years in a ruined temple in      an isolated area of central Viet Nam.       (ii) Most Venerable Thich Quang Do, the Executive President      of the Unified Buddhist Church, has also been in various      forms of detention since 1977, and was recently rearrested      and placed under house arrest after he had proposed to bring      Most Venerable Thich Huyen Quang to Saigon for medical      treatment.       (iii) Many other leading Buddhist figures, including Thich      Hai Tang, Thich Khong Tanh, Thich Thai Hoa, Thich Tue Si,      Thich Quang Hue, Thich Tam An, Thich Nguyen Ly, Thich Thanh      Huyen, Thich Thong Dat, Thich Chi Mau, Thich Chi Thang, Thich      Chon Niem, Thich Thanh Quang are under tight surveillance.      Several members of the UBCV have fled to Cambodia       (C)(i) The Hao Hoa Buddhist Church was also declared to be      illegal until 1999, when the Government established an      organization which purports to govern the Hao Hoa. According      to the United States Commission on International Religious      Freedom, ``[t]his organization is made up almost entirely of      Communist Party members and apparently is not recognized as      legitimate by the vast majority of Hao Hoas . . .      [n]evertheless, [this government-sponsored organization] has      sought to control all Hao Hoa religious activity,      particularly at the Hao Hoa village, which is the center of      Hao Hoa religious life''.       (ii)(I) Hao Hoa believers who do not recognize the      legitimacy of the government organization are denied the      right to visit the Hao Hoa village, to conduct traditional      religious celebrations, or to display Hao Hoa symbols. Many      have been arrested and subjected to administrative detention,      and several Hao Hoa have been sentenced to prison terms for      protesting these denials of religious freedom.       (II) The Government interferes with Hao Hoa efforts to      conduct charitable works, and prohibits public celebration to      commemorate the founder's disappearance as well as the      distribution of the founder's teachings. The Government      controls greatly the leadership selection process of the      Cao Dais, another indigenous Vietnamese religion.       (III) At least the following Hao Hoa believers are known to      be in prison or house detention: Ha Hai, Tran Van Be Cao,      Tran Nguyen Huon, Phan Thi Tiem, Le Quang Liem, Nguyen Van      Dien, Le Minh Triet, and Vo Van Thanh Liem.       (D)(i) Independent Protestants, most of whom are members of      ethnic minority groups, are subjected to particularly harsh      treatment by the Government of Viet Nam. According to the      United States Commission on International Religious Freedom,      such treatment includes ``police raids on homes and house      churches, detention, imprisonment, confiscation of religious      and personal property, physical and psychological abuse, and      fines for engaging in unapproved religious activities (such      as collective worship, public religious expression and      distribution of religious literature, and performing      baptisms, marriages, or funeral services) . . . [i]n      addition, it is reported that ethnic Hmong Protestants have      been forced by local officials to agree to abandon their      faith''.       (ii)(I) According to human rights activists in Viet Nam, 2      secret central plans--Plan 184A and 184B--issued in 1999 by      the Communist Party to combat Protestant believers were fully      implemented throughout the country, and led to a crackdown on      the Protestant movement, especially in the Central and      Northern Highland areas.       (II) An estimated 14,000 Christians fled from the North to      the Central Highlands in the past 5 years. According to the      Southern Evangelical Church of Viet Nam, the Government of      Viet Nam forcibly closed 354 of the 412 churches in Dak Lak      province, 56 pastors from the Central Highlands have      disappeared, and at least 43 evangelical Montagnards have      been sentenced to prison. Freedom House has reported on the      beating death of Hmong Christian Mua Bua Senh by police      authorities.       (E)(i) Other religious organizations, such as the Catholic      Church, are formally recognized by the Government but are      subjected to pervasive regulation which violates the right to      freedom of religion. For instance, the Catholic Church is      forbidden to appoint its own bishops without Government      consent, which is frequently denied, to accept seminarians      without specific official permission, and to profess Catholic      doctrines which are inconsistent with Government policy.      Government restrictions on the seminary process have caused a      severe shortage of priests.       (ii) A Catholic priest, Father Nguyen Van Ly, was arrested      in March 2001 and remains in detention after submitting      written testimony to the United States Commission on      International Religious Freedom. On October 19, 2001, he was      sentenced to a total of 20 years of imprisonment and house      arrest; the     trial in Hue took place closed to the public and without a      defense lawyer.       (iii) In October 2002, the Vietnamese Bishops Conference      took an unprecedented step when they protested to the      National Assembly about the persecutions endured by Catholic      ethnic minorities.       (F) The Government has also confiscated numerous churches,      temples, and other properties belonging to religious      organizations. The vast majority of these properties--even      those belonging to religious organizations formally      recognized by the Government--have never been returned.       (5)(A) Since 1975 the Government of Viet Nam has persecuted      veterans of the Army of the Republic of Viet Nam and other      Vietnamese who had opposed the Viet Cong insurgency and the      North Vietnamese invasion of South Viet Nam. Such persecution      typically included substantial terms in ``re-education      camps'', where detainees were often subjected to torture and      other forms of physical abuse, and in which many died.       (B) Re-education camp survivors and their families were      often forced into internal exile in ``New Economic Zones''.      Many of these former allies of the United States, as well as      members of their families, continue until the present day to      suffer various forms of harassment and discrimination,      including denial of basic social benefits and exclusion from      higher education and employment.       (6)(A) The Government of Viet Nam has been particularly      harsh in its treatment of members of the Montagnard ethnic      minority groups of the central Highlands of Viet Nam, who      were the first line in the defense of South Viet Nam against      invasion from the North and who fought courageously beside      members of the Special Forces of the United States, suffering      disproportionately heavy casualties, and saving the lives of      many of their American and Vietnamese comrades-in-arms.       (B) Since 1975 the Montagnard peoples have been singled out      for severe repression, in part because of their past      association with the United States and in part because their      strong commitment to their traditional way of life and to      their Christian religion is regarded as inconsistent with the      absolute loyalty and control demanded by the Communist      system. The Government employs a policy of assimilation and      oppression against the Montagnards, forcibly displacing them      from their ancestral lands to make way for North Vietnamese      settlers, coffee plantations, and logging operations.       (C) Between February and March 2001, several thousand      members of the mountain tribes Djarai, Bahnar, and Rhade from      the provinces of Pleiku, Gialai, and Daklak took part in a      series of peaceful demonstrations to demand the release of 2      Montagnard Christians, religious freedom and restoration of      their confiscated lands. The Government responded by closing      off the Central Highlands and sending in military forces,      tanks and helicopter gunships. Hundreds of demonstrators were      injured. Altogether, more than 200 people, among them 60      evangelical priests and tribal chieftains, were arrested.      Some regions of the Central Highlands remain closed to      journalists and foreign diplomats.       (D) Credible reports by refugees who have escaped to      Cambodia indicate that the Government has executed some      participants in the demonstrations and has subjected others      to imprisonment, torture, and other forms of physical abuse.       (E) The Government of Viet Nam has also taken steps to      prevent further Montagnards from escaping, and there are      credible reports that Vietnamese security forces in Cambodia      are offering bounties for the surrender of Montagnard asylum      seekers.       (F) According to Human Rights Watch, in December 2002 `[The      Government] arrested or detained dozens of highlanders and      banned Christmas church services in order to prevent minority      Christians from gathering. Six highlanders were detained      during the third week in December in Krong Ana and Cu Jut      districts, Dak Lak, during Christmas prayer services, while      another eight were taken into custody as they are attempting      to cross the border to Cambodia. Villagers throughout the      Central Highlands were warned they would face fines and even      imprisonment if they organized Christmas services. In many      areas authorities banned gatherings of four or more people'.       (7) The Government of Viet Nam has also persecuted members      of other ethnic minority groups, including the Khmer Kron      from the Mekong Delta, many of whom fought alongside United      States military personnel during the Viet Nam war and whose      Hinayana Buddhist religion is not among those recognized by      the Government.       (8) The Government of Viet Nam also engages in or condones      serious violations of the rights of workers. In August 1997,      the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) reported that      child labor exploitation is on the rise in Viet Nam with tens      of thousands of children under 15 years of age being subject      to such exploitation. The government's official labor export      program also has subject workers, many of whom are women, to      involuntary servitude, debt bondage, and other forms of      abuse, and the reaction of government officials to worker      complaints of such abuse has been to threaten the workers      with punishment if they do not desist in their complaints.      The government of Viet Nam has made some minor efforts to      improve this situation, but enforcement of child labor laws      remains weak, and the child exploitation still persists.       (9)(A) United States refugee resettlement programs for      Vietnamese nationals, including the Orderly Departure Program      (ODR), the Resettlement Opportunities for Returning      Vietnamese (ROVR) program, and resettlement of boat people      from refugee camps throughout Southeast Asia, were authorized      by law in order to rescue Vietnamese nationals who have      suffered persecution on account of their wartime associations      with the United States, as well as those who currently have a      well-founded fear of persecution on account of race,      religion, nationality, political opinion, or membership in a      particular social group.       (B) In general, these programs have served their purposes      well. However, many refugees who were eligible for these      programs were unfairly denied or excluded, in some cases by      vindictive or corrupt Communist officials who controlled      access to the programs, and in others by United States      personnel who imposed unduly restrictive interpretations of      program criteria. These unfairly excluded refugees include      some of those with the most compelling cases, including many      Montagnard combat veterans and their families.       (C) The Department of State has agreed to extend the      September 30, 1994, registration deadline for former United      States employees, ``re-reduction'', survivors, and surviving      spouses spouses of those who did not survive ``re-education''      camps to sign for United States refugee programs.       (D) The Department of State has agreed to resume the      Vietnamese In-Country Priority One Program in Viet Nam to      provide protection to victims of persecution on account of      race, religion, nationality, political opinion, or membership      in a particular social group who otherwise have no access to      the Orderly Departure Program.       (E) The Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Service in      the Department of Homeland Security has agreed to resume the      processing of former United States employees under the U11      program, which had been unilaterally suspended by the United      States Government.       (F) The Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Service has      agreed to review the applications of Americans, children of      America servicemen left behind in Viet Nam after the war      ended in April 1975, for resettlement to the United States      under the Amerasian Homecoming Act of 1988..       (10) The Government of Viet Name systematically jams      broadcasts by Radio Free Asia, and indepdent broadcast      service funded by the United States in orderly to provide      news and entertainment to the people of countries in Asia      whose government deny the right to freedom of expression and      of the press.       (11) In 1995 the Governments of the United States and Viet      Nam announced the ``normalization'' of diplomatic relations.      In 1998 then-President Clinton waived the application of      section 402 of the Trade Act of 1974 (commonly) known as the      ``Jackson-Vanik Amendments'', which restircts economic      assistance to countries with non-market economies whose      government also restrict freedom of emigration. In 1999 the      Governments of the United States and Viet Nam announced ``an      agreement in principle,'' on a bilateral trade agreement.      This agreement was signed in 2000 and came into effect on      December 10, 2001.       (12) The Congress and the American People are united in      their determination that the extension or expansion of trade      relations with a country whose Government engaged in serious      and systematic violations of fundamental human rights must be      considered as a statement of approval or complacency about      such practices. The promotion of freedom and democracy around      the world--and particularly for people who have suffered in      large part because of their past association with the United      States and because they share our values--is and must      continue to be a central objective of United States foreign      policy.  