Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 427, which recognizes the courageous leadership of the Unified Buddhist Church in Vietnam and stresses the urgent need for the government of the Republic of Vietnam to respect religious freedom and basic human rights. I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Loretta Sanchez) for offering it today.  Mr. Speaker, Vietnam's oppression of religious liberty, which is well documented in the State Department Reports on Human Rights and Religious Freedom, as well as by credible human rights organizations, continues to deteriorate. This is a regime with clear non-ambiguous policies designed to control and to repress religion. At its Seventh plenum in January 2003, the Communist Party's Central Committee stepped up its persecution of religious groups issuing a resolution which calls for the establishment of cells of Communist party members within each of Vietnam's six approved religions in order to foil ``hostile forces.''  Persecution of Buddhists highlighted in this resolution has been particularly harsh. Many leading clergy of the Unified Buddhist Church of Vietnam have been imprisoned including the church's Patriarch, the Most Venerable Thich Huyen Quang, who is now 85 years old and has been detained for the past 21 years.  The government has continually attempted to control the selection of new clergy for the Unified Buddhist Church, restricting the travel of and intimidating monks attending selection meetings. We know that other groups suffer severe religious persecution as well, including the Christian Montagnards in the Central Highlands, Catholics and members of indigenous Vietnamese religions.  One particular case, Mr. Speaker, that has been disturbing, one of many, is that of Father Ly, an outspoken critic of the regime who is currently serving a 10-year sentence for calling on the government for the return of confiscated church properties and respect for religious freedom. Amazingly, his nephews, Nguyen Vu Viet and Nguyen Truc Cuong, and his niece, Nguyen Thi Hoa, recently received prison sentences after a sham trial, after being found guilty of dubious charges of ``abusing democracy.''  Next week, Mr. Speaker, the Vietnamese government has the chance to set the record straight when their appeal will be heard. They should be released. They have to be released along with Father Ly. And I think this Congress, the House and the Senate, needs to be watching very carefully if our relationship is to progress. We have to see significant and sustained progress on these cases and, of course, those with regards to the Unified Buddhist Church.  Mr. Speaker, this Congress has not been lax in trying to raise these issues, as I know my good friend and colleague Mr. Leach knows because he has worked so strongly in this area. ``I offered The Vietnam Human Rights Act'' as an amendment to the State Department bill, which is now pending before the House and Senate. Similar legislation has already passed the House before and hopefully the session, the Vietnam Human Rights Act will become law. This legislation sets up a number of criteria that would seek to move the ball forward with regard to human rights, and in particular, the area of religious freedom.  Again, it is a good resolution that has been offered today and it deserves the honest support of this body.  