Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time.  Mr. Speaker, since mid-March the Castro dictatorship has carried out a massive crackdown on human rights defenders, independent journalists, and trade unionists and other brave and noble pro-democracy activists throughout Cuba.  Not satisfied with the ongoing torture and mistreatment and incarceration of approximately 400 political prisoners, Castro has begun a new, ominous, and shameful attack on another 80 of the best and brightest and most courageous of Cuba. Now, as we meet here today, his people and his thugs are beating, victimizing, and sentencing to very long prison sentences those who are the cream of the crop in Cuba, who believe in freedom and democracy.  Castro, with all eyes diverted on Iraq and the war in Iraq, is trying to silence dissent with violence, ``show'' trials, and incarceration. This latest manifestation, Mr. Speaker, of cruelty by the Castro dictatorship is but another, but a highly significant other, reminder of the true character of this regime. It is cruel, brutal and an egregious violator of human rights.  Mr. Speaker, Castro's brutal actions hopefully will serve as a wake-up call to those in the United States, especially those in the United States Congress who argue that it is time to lift the travel ban and sanctions against Cuba. I especially want to focus, Mr. Speaker, on those in the European Union who have been trading with the island country of Cuba for so many years without any linkage whatsoever to human rights. Trade, trade, trade, while this barbaric dictatorship gets worse and worse and worse.  In previous Congresses, Mr. Speaker, I have offered an amendment to lift the travel ban, if and only if political prisoners are freed and felons who have committed acts of violence in the United States against U.S. police, including a trooper from the State of New Jersey, are brought to the U.S. in order to be held accountable. That amendment, sadly, lost.  Now, today on the floor we are united in rhetoric and sentiment for those who are being incarcerated and mistreated. But we also need linkage, Mr. Speaker. We need to recognize that actions, and particularly those that are linked to trade and travel bans, can be very efficacious--actions always speak louder than our words. I call upon the European Union, Mr. Speaker, to engage the human rights abuses of Castro with something more than rhetoric. Members of the EU have been trading, as has Canada, for so many years. What have they gotten for it? Maybe they made a few bucks or a few Euros or a few Canadian dollars, but they have,however unwittingly, aided and abetted this brutal tyrant in horrific repression against his people.  I urge strong support for the gentlewoman from Florida's (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen) resolution, and I hope this is a wake-up call about what this regime is all about.  