Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, which would reduce funding for research through the National Science Foundation, NSF, polar research and to briefly discuss the overall NSF funding. Last year, the President signed into law my bill to re-authorize NSF, allowing for a doubling of funds over the next five years. Among other things, the bill expanded federally funded basic research efforts at America's colleges and universities. Improving science and math education in our country is important because this is how we train new generations of scientists and inventors. Just one example of how crucial NSF is; approximately half of the U.S. Nobel Prize laureates in science and engineering have received NSF research grants. Some of these Nobel laureates gained experience through polar research.  In addition to the purely scientific value that NSF contributes to society, the technological advancements that have resulted from cutting-edge basic research have been the primary force behind the economic and productivity gains of the last fifty years. I am disappointed that the overall increase for NSF is a lessor reduction then last year. Good research leads to the development of new and better products and more efficient ways to produce those goods at a competitive cost. Some examples of what basic federal R funding has given us today are the silicon chip, internet, web browsers, supercomputers resulting in more products and more efficient production. The world is getting more competitive, and we must keep finding ways to develop high-quality products that people want at a competitive cost.  Under my re-authorization bill that passed last year, NSF is authorized at nearly $6.4 billion for fiscal year 2004, $4.8 billion of that for research. The bill that we are considering today would only appropriate $5.6 billion for NSF, with $4.3 billion designated for research.  I understand that given the economy and the budget situation, it is necessary for Congress to make tough choices with funding. Still, I am disappointed that the bill before us today would fund NSF at nearly $800 million less than its authorization level. Due to a lack of funding, NSF is currently forced to reject more than 30 percent of its highest rated peer-reviewed proposals. In addition, more resources are needed to invest in emerging fields of research like cyber security, information technology, and nanotechnology.  Mr. Chairman, this Nadler amendment would reduce funding for NSF polar research by $5 million dollars. In light of the significant funding shortfalls that NSF already faces, it would be unwise to drain any more money out of this research program.  