Speaker, I appreciate my colleague, Congressman Dana Rohrabacher, introducing this important legislation honoring our late California constituent, Charles ``Pete'' Conrad, for his remarkable achievements in spaceflight as well as his contribution to the U.S. aerospace industry. Pete was a great American and this is a tribute to his contributions to space and to science.  Pete Conrad was an individual who was always pushing the envelope with an exuberance that matched his animated personality and sense of humor. Pete's first flights were in the Gemini program, where he established both the record for endurance and for altitude in space. Then, as the commander of Apollo XII, he became the third man to walk on the Moon--to which he exclaimed in his typical enthusiastic manner, ``Whoopie! Man, that may have been a small one for Neil, but it's a long one for me.'' His final National Aeronautics and Space Administration mission was a commander of Skylab II, the first United States space station.  Once he left the Astronaut Corps, Pete delved into what was then the nascent aerospace industry. He worked to sell the industry to the American people and to excite them on the possibilities of the return to and the colonization of the Moon, the development of single-stage-to-orbit vehicles, and in the exploration of the solar system. During this time, Pete stayed with his love of anything that would go fast--airplanes, helicopters, cars and motorcycles. He raced helicopters across the country; he raced airplanes in air shows; and he raced motorcycles in local races. Tragically, he died from injuries resulting from a motorcycle accident in 1999 and at the age of 69 in Ojai, CA.  This bill, which honors Pete Conrad and is a tribute to his wife Nancy, encourages young people to get involved in astronomy by offering prizes to amateurs for their contributions toastronomy by either discovering the brightest near-Earth object or by the cataloging of near Earth objects. What better way to get our children interested in science and in paying tribute to this great American.  