Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Maloney) for her insight into the contributions of women in the NASA community and to the success of our Nation's civil space program.  House Resolution 450 goes a long way in recognizing the importance of women to our Nation's civil space program, from Commander Elaine Collins and Mission Specialist Wendy Lawrence of the Discovery mission, to the other 40 women who have served in NASA's Astronaut Corps.  To all of the women who offer ground support for the launches, these women in the sciences, our Nation offers a resounding thanks.  Not all of those women are often in the spotlight, but they still serve as inspiring role models for all our daughters. What better way to have our children think they can be whatever they aspire to be than to have everyone share the opportunity to get a bite of the apple of success.  In order for the United States to retain its global competitive edge, we need the contributions from all of our citizens. Since all advanced societies now depend on technology for their economic might, the new measure of that might are those graduates with degrees in science and engineering.  The United States is slipping in this category. We are producing a shrinking share of the world's technological talent. China and India are the newest and strongest competitors. The last time the U.S. graduated more engineering and scientific Ph.D.s than Europe and three times as many as Asia was in 1975.  These trends have reversed so now the European Union graduates about 50 percent more Ph.D.s than the United States, and Asia is slightly ahead of the United States.  At the current rate, China will probably overtake us by 2010. They have already produced nearly as many engineering graduates in a month as we do in a year. Outstanding role models inspire our young ladies to pursue a life of study and work in science and engineering.  Seeing these women doing exciting important jobs in our space program is the best way that I know to encourage our children to do the same.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank again the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Maloney) for her thoughtful legislation. I plan to support this important legislation when it comes to a vote and encourage all Members to do the same.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  