 President, within the hour, the Senate rejected two amendments offered by the Senator from Missouri. The first one, which would basically gut this program, the vote was 77 to 11. The second Bond amendment was also rejected, 69 to 21. That indicates that there is a lot of bipartisan support for this bill on which we have worked for years in the Banking Committee. The current Presiding Officer knows these issues well. He represents the State of Florida and knows about housing. He knows about mortgages and, as an attorney at one time, I am sure he dealt in that area.  In this bill there is no special treatment, I say to my good friends--and I have a lot of respect for Senators Bunning and DeMint--no special treatment for any lender or homeowner. All lenders will have to take a significant loss, more than a little haircut, if they choose to participate. This is a voluntary program. All homeowners will have to share any equity gains. This is not a bailout, I assure my colleagues. The Presiding Officer knows I wouldn't support a bailout.  I voted against the stimulus bill that was here earlier in the year, as some of my colleagues did. But there are some good things in this bill, and I want to talk a few minutes about them. While the legislation would authorize FHA to provide up to $300 billion in loan guarantees under the new program over the 2009-2011 period, CBO, the Congressional Budget Office, estimates that FHA would use only $68 billion of that--that is a lot of money still--loan commitment authority through 2011 to implement the program. CBO estimates that enacting this legislation would increase direct spending by $729 million over the 2009-2018 period. That amount includes $684 million for the estimated subsidy cost of loan guarantees and $45 million in administrative costs.  Taxpayers will not bear these costs. Maybe that was the original proposal, but in the Banking Committee, we worked out a formula to let the GSEs, the affordable housing program, do this for 3 years because we didn't want the taxpayers doing this. Taxpayers will not bear these costs. During the 2009-2011 period, a portion of the GSEs' assessments would be used to pay the cost of this new program. These assessments would be used to reimburse the Treasury for the cost of the whole program up to an estimated $960 million total for those years.  Use of the new loan program is contingent upon the voluntary participation of both lenders and borrowers. As a result, demand for this program to refinance qualifying mortgages would depend on how many lenders and borrowers would perceive the new program as their best option in the marketplace.  It is important to note that mortgage lenders and borrowers will give up something in order to take advantage of this program. The current mortgage holder, whoever it is, must agree to a loan refinancing program that brings the loan-to-value ratio on the new FHA-insured loan to no greater than 90 percent of the property's current appraised value, not what it was at one time. In addition to forgiving a portion of the debt on the existing loan, the current mortgage holder will have to pay 3 percent of the original insured loan amount to FHA. The existing mortgage holder might also cover some portion of the origination fees for the new loan. In effect, the existing mortgage holder would take at least a 13-percent writedown--it might be 50 percent; we don't know--of the existing mortgage. That probably, in a lot of cases, would be better than foreclosure. What I am driving at is, we are not worried about the lenders. I am not. I am worried about the homeowners. I know the Presiding Officer is. The amount could be higher depending on the amount of the origination fee paid and the ability of the borrower to pay a mortgage. Thus, the current mortgage holder will receive no more than 87 percent of the property's current value, after the 3-percent premium is taken into account. I know this is complicated, but this is the way mortgages work.  Borrowers will have to agree to the equity-sharing provisions required under this program and determine whether forgoing some future profits on their homes is an acceptable arrangement. This is a voluntary program.  CBO, again, estimates that fewer than 40 percent of the 1.1 million--at this time--eligible loans would be refinanced under the new program. But if they are, it is going to help a lot of people who are deserving. Following a reduction in the principal amount of those loans to make them affordable, CBO further estimates that approximately 400,000 loans would be guaranteed under this legislation, with an average loan amount of $170,000. This 40-percent participation reflects the number of expected foreclosures, the impact of second liens, administrative challenges, and anticipated participation by mortgage holders and borrowers.  Many borrowers who would otherwise be eligible for this program will not participate because servicers will not be able to contact some borrowers, as we know. Even with the assistance of this program, some borrowers will not be able to avoid foreclosure because they have experienced a significant event, such as job loss, illness, divorce, or death. In other words, they would not qualify.  The average subsidy rate for those guarantees would be 1 percent. This estimated subsidy rate assumes that the cumulative claims rate--that is, the default--for the program would be about 35 percent and that recoveries on defaulted mortgages would be about 60 percent of the outstanding loan amount.  Mr. President, I want to say again, in this legislation there is no special treatment for any lender or homeowner. This is a voluntary program. All lenders--all lenders--will take a significant loss. There is no mention of any bank, mortgage broker, mortgage banker, or anybody else--Countrywide or anybody--in this bill. If there were, I would not support it.  I yield the floor.  