 It is a package. It is dealing with the reform of the government-sponsored enterprises, GSEs, which desperately need to have a strong regulator because they play such a huge role, probably the primary role by a long shot right now, in our housing industry. They need to be properly regulated because they are a government-sponsored enterprise, and that is part of the legislation I have pushed.  Senator Dodd and I have worked together. He is pushing the housing legislation, but I agree with him. If there were any inkling of a bailout for anybody here, we wouldn't be a part of it in any way, and no one would in the Senate. So that is a red herring. But this will give some hope and opportunity for some people to probably save their homes who otherwise wouldn't be able to.  We need to pass this legislation now. If we could get this legislation to the President's desk, and he would sign it, which I hope he would by the 4th of July, by the end of next week, this would be a significant feat on our part. I hope we can do it.  I also want to take a moment, as Senator Dodd did, and commend other Senators for their work. Senator Isakson knows a lot about housing. He grew up in housing. He has been very successful at it, and he brings that experience and knowledge to this body in the Senate. The housing tax credit, not to bail out anybody but to help people save their homes, was I believe originated by him. He is pushing this provision, and we commend him for helping us on this.  I commend my friend and colleague from New Hampshire, Senator Judd Gregg, the former chairman of the Budget Committee, now the ranking member. He knows a lot about all the problems in this country. He is very insightful. He sees this legislation, overall, as a good package and a good piece of legislation.  I hope we will be able today and tomorrow to pass this legislation, if the Senate is willing, and go to the next step, because there are a lot of people who will possibly be able to save their homes because of this.  Will this save everything in America? No. But it will be a good first step and it will be profound, meaningful legislation, and so I commend it to the Senate this afternoon.  Madam President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  