 President, I rise in support of the managers' amendment. It is a bill that combines the Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2008 with the Catastrophic Commission Act of 2008 that Senator Dodd has just outlined. Senator Dodd and I worked very closely to develop this important legislation in the Banking Committee, which the Senate Banking Committee, by the way, unanimously passed last year.  The legislation places the national flood insurance program on a stronger financial footing because it requires those living and working in areas vulnerable to flooding to assume more of the financial risk, as it should be. The bill also addresses many other structural and fiscal weaknesses in the program itself.  In addition, the managers' amendment creates a commission to study the current market for catastrophic insurance. The results of this commission should provide Congress with a factual basis for future legislative action, if we deem it necessary.  To fully appreciate the need for significant reform of the national flood insurance program, we must first consider the program's history. The flood insurance program was established in the Congress in 1968 to provide policyholders with some insurance for flood-related damage. The intent of the program was to generate enough revenue through premium dollars to prevent taxpayers from paying for flood-related losses during an average flood loss year. At the inception of this program, Congress included explicit subsidies for business properties and homes known as preflood insurance rate map or pre-FIRM structures. It was determined that it was not fair for the owners of such structures immediately to pay actuarial prices because they received no notice regarding the new mandatory purchase rules.  That said, it was also believed that many, if not all, of the pre-FIRM structures would quickly become ineligible for the subsidies. For this reason, Congress never included a subsidy elimination mechanism. This oversight has had significant financial consequences for the current flood insurance program.  More than 40 years later, a large number of these properties still receive explicit subsidies. Many of these properties have made the greatest claims on the program after suffering repetitive losses. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office has valued the explicit subsidy for grandfathered homes at $1.3 billion per year. There are other key factors beyond the poorly designed financial structure of the program that need to be addressed. For example, the size of the program has expanded exponentially since its inception. In 1978, 10 years after the program started, the program had 1.4 million policyholders and $50 billion in risk exposure. Today there are more than 5 million policyholders and over $1 trillion in risk exposure.  Finally, the maps used to determine the rates for the program are largely out of date just about everywhere. Antiquated maps do not represent accurately the risk that covered structures face.  Without up-to-date maps and, hence, an accurate risk assessment, price issimply reduced to guesswork. Often these guesses have been too low, and the taxpayers have been forced to make up the difference, oftentimes to very wealthy people. This program currently generates $3 billion in premiums, spends roughly $1 billion on administration, and has a liability exposure of more than $1 trillion. Let me repeat that. The program has a liability exposure of more than $1 trillion. In fact, the financial deficiencies of the program are so great that the Government Accountability Office placed it on a list of high-risk programs because it does not generate enough money to cover its liabilities.  Furthermore, Robert Hunter, who is recognized as one of the key individuals in getting the program started, has stated:       The integrity of the program [must be] restored . . . [or]      consideration must be given to ending this . . . hopelessly      administered program.  Mr. Hunter was with the Consumer Federation of America for many years. Mr. Hunter's prescription for restoring the program's integrity is requiring greater mitigation efforts and moving toward actuarial soundness. This is what we have attempted to do today.  I recognize that reforming the flood insurance program presents the Congress with difficult choices. We could end the program, we could dramatically increase fees on program beneficiaries, or we could do nothing. Each of those choices would be unacceptable. That is why Senator Dodd and I have crafted a bill that addresses what we believe are the most significant financial weaknesses of the program without dismantling its core features. We struck a realistic balance between the needs of the program's beneficiaries and the taxpayers on the hook for the program's shortfalls.  The legislation before us strengthens the program by immediately eliminating subsidies on vacation homes, businesses, and severe repetitive-loss properties. It then paves the way for eliminating all subsidies in the future. It proceeds in such a way, however, that recognizes immediate elimination of all subsidies is not prudent because flood maps will not be updated for some time.  To address the mapping deficiencies, the bill creates stringent standards that the program must use to complete the map modernization process. Once we have the most accurate and up-to-date flood mapping possible, homeowners will better understand and mitigate their risks.  The program will also transition to more accurate pricing. In addition to eliminating subsidies, the bill requires State-chartered lending institutions to maintain flood insurance coverage for all mortgages located within the 100-year flood plain. It increases enforcement tools available to bank regulators at both the Federal and State levels by requiring escrow of flood insurance premiums throughout the life of the mortgage. The civil monetary penalties that regulators may levy against lenders for failure to comply are also increased. The bill creates a mandatory reserve fund to cover the cost of unusual events. This provision is intended to limit future reliance on the American taxpayer. The bill requires a rulemaking to ensure that the ``write your own'' carriers are being reimbursed solely for their expenses.  Finally, the legislation creates a commission that Senator Dodd outlined earlier to study the effects of natural disasters on our insurance system. The commission must report its findings within 9 months.  Some have suggested that we should add wind insurance coverage to the already bankrupt Federal flood insurance program. I remind my colleagues of certain facts: The Insurance Information Institute estimates that by adding wind as a covered peril, the program will take on an additional $14 to $19 trillion worth of risk exposure. In addition, a Towers-Perrin report indicates that adding wind coverage to the flood program could lead to an additional annual program deficit as high as $1 billion.  Both of these studies point out exactly why we should have a complete understanding of all of the facts before we even contemplate expanding the Federal Government's role as an insurance provider.  Before I conclude, I will take a moment to recognize Senator Bunning for all of his efforts to reform this program for the past several years. As Senator Dodd did, I also recognize Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island and his staff for their efforts to create accurate and up-to-date flood maps which are essential for this program in the future. Lastly, I thank my colleague, Senator Dodd, chairman of the committee, and his staff for their efforts in crafting this bipartisan legislation.  I repeat something I said earlier: Reform of the program involves tough choices. We must make these tough choices, however, if this program is going to survive. For the good of the program beneficiaries and the taxpayer, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  