 President, I thank Senator Dodd for all of his cooperation and his leadership on the Banking Committee and on the Senate floor, and I want to associate myself with his remarks, thanking the staff of the Senate and also the staff of the Banking Committee, including my staff and his. It is good to work together where we can in the Senate. And when we do, we get a lot of work done.  Mr. President, when crises such as the one we are now facing come about, the American people expect us in the Senate to act in an expeditious and an appropriate manner. I think this is what we have been doing the last couple of weeks. Senator Dodd and I, at the direction of our respective leaders,Senator Reid, the majority leader, and Senator McConnell, the Republican leader, have invested a considerable amount of time in drafting a bipartisan and balanced piece of legislation that is focused on addressing the growing number of foreclosures nationwide, which Senator Dodd just mentioned.  In an effort to maintain that balance and to preserve our bipartisan agreement, we were not able to agree to a number of amendments, some of which I believe have a great deal of merit, and I want to touch on some. It is my hope that Senator Dodd and I can continue to work closely on a number of those, such as the need for meaningful GSE reform, as well as a mortgage broker and banker licensing bill.  Senator Hagel introduced an amendment on GSE reform that I believe may represent the foundation for a very promising approach to addressing a very complex but critical set of issues. I stand ready to work with Senator Dodd at any time to reach an agreement on meaningful GSE reform.  Senators Feinstein and Martinez introduced an amendment on mortgage broker and banker licensing that I hope also lays the foundation for further action by the Banking Committee, headed by Senator Dodd.  There are other provisions that are not in this bill and that I could not support. These included the bankruptcy provision, or so-called cram-down, as well as an unprecedented expansion of the FHA guarantee to hundreds of thousands of homeowners who find themselves underwater on their mortgages and stretched beyond their means.  Mr. President, when we began consideration of this bill, I said the following:       While we are in agreement on the measures contained in this      bill, there is a line that we should not cross. That line is      represented by a taxpayer-funded bailout of investors or      homeowners that freely and willingly entered into mortgages      that they knew or should have known they could not afford.  With that in mind, I intend to examine closely any proposals to further expose the American taxpayer to the risks freely incurred by individuals or investors. I understand that Chairman Dodd intends to hold additional hearings on just such a proposal. I intend to work closely with him to ensure that all facets of this approach are examined thoroughly before we expose those who made prudent financial choices to the risks created by those who didn't.  First and foremost, I believe our primary responsibility is to the American taxpayer. In our zeal to help those who find themselves in financial difficulty, we must make sure that we do not do more harm than good. This bill does include a number of provisions that deserved my colleagues' support, and that they supported. The bill makes the necessary changes in the FHA program so that it can meet the needs of today's mortgage marketplace. The FHA language provides protections for the American taxpayer, who ultimately bears the financial risk of the program. The FHA title provides immediate help to the marketplace by reforming the Federal Housing Administration, allowing it to provide greater liquidity and thereby enhancing the options available to America's homeowners.  The bill also provides additional funding for foreclosure prevention counseling--Senator Dodd has spoken on this--which will help homeowners stay current on their mortgages and be able to remain in their homes. That is our goal. This is an area in which I hope to work closely with Senator Dodd over the coming year. I believe we must conduct thorough oversight to ensure that this money is being spent properly and effectively. Should additional funds be necessary, I believe they can be provided during the normal appropriations process.  In order to prevent a repeat of the current housing crisis, the bill also increases the disclosures made to consumers obtaining mortgages, which I think is very important. I believe giving consumers more information so they understand what they are doing and the ability to understand the choices they are making will help them avoid making the pitfalls and bad decisions many uninformed consumers made in the past.  To protect our soldiers, sailors, and airmen, the bill extends additional consumer protections and provides those returning from combat a chance to get back on their feet before they face any type of foreclosure proceeding.  Mr. President, in an effort to provide communities with the ability to clean up the damage caused by the foreclosures that have already occurred, we have included funding to allow States and communities to buy up and repair foreclosed residences through the Community Development Block Grant Program.  Attached to this funding is a requirement that any profits from the sale of properties must be used to buy and repair additional properties. I believe that reuse of this funding in this manner will maximize the impact of these dollars and minimize the possibility that funds will be wasted or profits inappropriately pocketed.  The bill also contains a number of tax-related provisions prepared in a bipartisan fashion by the chairman and ranking member on the Finance Committee.  Mr. President, this bill also includes a managers' package that contains a broad range of provisions offered by 13 separate Senators. Chairman Dodd and I worked closely to come to agreement on including this group of provisions that, I believe, strengthens the core bill.  The first group of provisions touch upon a number of veterans and military service personnel housing programs. These measures provide greater resources, flexibility, and options for veterans and military personnel to help meet the particular challenges they face in regards to their housing needs.  The managers' package puts to greater use assets in the Home Loan Bank system to help bring additional resources to the effort to deal with current conditions in the housing market.  The package includes additional consumer protections for senior citizens who participate in the FHA-insured reverse mortgage program. The package requires enhanced scrutiny of loan originators participating in the FHA program, which should better protect the solvency of the taxpayer backed mortgage insurance fund.  The package also ensures that funds are not used to provide inappropriate benefits to private entities by prohibiting the use of funds in cases where eminent domain is used to benefit private parties.  Finally, the managers' amendment protects taxpayers by requiring that any profits made from the sale of rehabilitated homes that are not reinvested in the program are recaptured and returned to the Treasury.  Mr. President, I believe this is a focused and targeted piece of legislation that will address in an appropriate manner a number of the difficulties we are now facing in the housing market.  While there are a large and growing number of homes entering foreclosure, we must remember that the vast majority of homeowners are living within their means and making their mortgage payments.  While some would argue that we have a responsibility to aid those who find themselves under water on their mortgages or unable to afford their increasing payments, I would argue that we also have equal responsibility to those who have made prudent financial decisions. We must not forget them as we seek to help others.  Mr. President, the eve of an election year can be a very difficult time to reach consensus on just about anything.  When we are able to come together, it is incumbent upon us to seize that opportunity and move forward.  Mr. President, I think this is a good bill overall, and I was pleased to see the vote of the Senate just a few minutes ago.  I yield the floor.  