 I would like to acknowledge the distinguished Senator from North Carolina for her efforts in crafting this amendment.  In December of last year, Attorney General Cuomo of New York, along with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and OFHEO entered into an agreement to create a mortgage appraiser code of conduct. I applaud the work of the attorney general of New York for being proactive in trying to come up with a code of conduct in order to deal with some of the problems in the mortgage appraisal process.  While the ``code of conduct'' moves things in a positive direction, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are secondary market players, and the attorney general of New York has authority to deal with the conduct that touches upon the State of New York. In order to fully address the issue and create a unified standard affecting all mortgage originators, there must be a process involving all of the appropriate regulatory authorities including the Federal banking regulators who participate in the congressionally authorized Federal Financial Institutions Examination Counsel, FFIEC, subcommittee on appraisals. This would also provide regulated institutions with adequate opportunity to participate in the process.  The National Bank Act authorizes national banks to engage in mortgage lending, subject to OCC regulation. Since the early 1990s, each of the Federal banking regulators has had standards in place that deal with the conduct of mortgage appraisers. These standards were put in place to address many of the safety and soundness concerns that we are grappling with today. While I recognize the need to update and strengthen these standards, I believe that we need to be mindful of that structure, and rely upon it as part of the effort to reform the appraisal process.  The appraisal is a key component in ensuring sound underwriting both for banks and the consumer. I believe that the key concept of appraisal independence is laudable and although incorporated into Federal banking regulation, perhaps this construct needs to be strengthened.  Our goal should be to ensure that a standard exists that avoids inconsistencies, provides stronger consumer protection, and protects the safety and soundness of lending institutions. I believe that as a wake-up call to the regulators that their standards must be revamped and their enforcement stepped up.  