President, if I could praise my colleague for his eloquence and for his passion and say how right he is. I thank my colleague Senator Menendez for allowing me to speak, but I wanted to commend Senator Booker for his brilliance and for his dedication.  I want to applaud the Senator for New Jersey for his maiden speech and for using this opportunity to focus on the urgent need to renew unemployment insurance for over 1.7 million Americans. The expiration has drained an estimated $2.2 billion from State economies according to estimates based on data from the Department of Labor and the Ways and Means Committee.  Our constituents, who lost their job through no fault of their own and are searching for work in this extremely challenging economy, are looking to Congress to renew this commonsense and very modest support. They've worked hard and are searching for work with just as much fervor. But on December 28 the rug was pulled out from under them because some of my colleagues on the other side had decided they would rather let emergency unemployment insurance expire. And yet we have traditionally extended aid when the long-term unemployment rate remains as high as it still unfortunately is.  Democrats have been pushing to extend this vital lifeline since before its expiration. And on December 17, Senator Heller and I introduced a bipartisan path forward--and I thank the Senator from New Jersey for his support for that measure. This emergency extension for unemployment insurance for 3 months would give us more time to work on a year-long extension and address the concerns raised by some of my colleagues. This way folks in Rhode Island, New Jersey, Tennessee, and Kentucky--jobseekers all over the Nation--would not lose unemployment insurance as we work through these complex issues. Unfortunately, that immediate aid was filibustered despite our efforts.  That did not deter us. We have kept on working through those issues raised by some of my Republican colleagues and we have addressed them. We are now proposing a 3-month fully paid extension--which is way out of line with past extensions. Indeed, 17 of the 20 times that emergency aid was extended no strings were attached.  President Reagan extended emergency aid three times and President George W. Bush did it five times.  We are still working to secure enough votes to break a potential filibuster. We are not there yet, but I remain hopeful. Yet the clock is ticking. I hope some of my Republican colleagues understand that jobseekers deserve a solution now and not procedural delays or obstruction. So I look forward to continue working with Senator Booker on doing everything we can to extend this vital aid to our constituents immediately.  