There are about 1.5 million Americans who have lost their unemployment insurance since December 28. Every week 70,000 more lose that protection, so my disappointment is severe.  But their situation is much more desperate. We had within our power today the ability to move this Senate forward to help our people, to help people who only qualified for the program because they worked and because they are still looking for work in one of the most difficult job markets we have seen in many decades.  It is extremely urgent that we act and today we failed to act. We have to continue to move forward. The majority leader has procedurally put us in a position so we can call up this measure again very quickly. We have to continue to work toward a solution. We have to keep the economy moving forward and creating jobs. That was what this was about, giving people some modest support each week. But also, as the CBO estimated, this measure, if extended for the full year, would generate 200,000 additional jobs. That is, on average, about what we have been creating each month. In fact, I will remind my colleagues, last year's unemployment insurance benefits were unpaid for and they generated additional jobs, not only providing benefits to people who needed it and were searching for work but increased economic activity in the country, which put people to work.  I hope my colleagues recognize this legislation they filibustered today was the result of significant concessions to many of my Republican colleagues. I worked closely with my Republican colleagues. We worked to find a way through this thicket so we could help Americans who have earned this help.  I think it is important to make clear how much we moved to try to accommodate the major objections and considerations of my colleagues on the other side.  We first proposed--and I proposed--this as emergency spending, unpaid for. We received from the other side: No, we can't accept that. It has to be paid for.  We went ahead, and the in the first proposal we voted on today, we paid for it. We also responded to another significant concern that we not use tax revenues to pay for it, so we avoided tax revenue.  Next, we went ahead and we adopted a provision to pay for it, to provide for many months, 11\1/2\ months of benefits, paid for without using revenues.  Let me also note that this is the exception to the rule. The White House, in some of their materials, has noted that ``fourteen of the last 17 times in 20 years that it's been extended,'' UI, ``there's been no strings attached,'' no pay-fors--emergency spending. But yet we listened to the thoughtful comments of our colleagues, we worked together closely with them, and we came up with a way to pay for this extension for 11\1/2\ months and not to use tax revenues, even though many on our side--in fact I would be among them--who would say there are egregious loopholes that should be closed regardless of what the revenue is used for but could be used to fund these benefits.  Then we have had this procedural back-and-forth. But today Leader Reid offered a series of amendments to theother side, and they objected to that offer.  Let me reiterate. We have tried, not only in very good faith but very diligently over the last several days particularly, to try to bring something to this floor that could get the 60 votes necessary to help these struggling Americans.  We have incorporated, in fact, in our pay-for, one of the provisions Senator Portman suggested with respect to disability payments--which was controversial in some respects--but it was, again, another attempt to try to look at what my colleagues, on the Republican side as well as the Democratic side, were talking about in terms of how we would responsibly pay for this measure.  We have been debating this extension since December. It is time to act, and regrettably we did not act today. We have made concessions to try to move forward. This was not a take-it-or-leave-it. It has been unpaid for 14 times before--and it would have been 15 times now. We have to do this. And still we are telling people who are in very extreme economic situations, who are depending on this modest $300 a week to help them pay their rent, pay their mortgage, put fuel in their car, have a cell phone so they can look for work, get to a job interview--telling them, no, you are still out in the cold, literally, and it is very cold in parts of the country.  We can't give up. We are not going to give up. I am very encouraged. After talking to some of my colleagues on the Republican side, they still want to work through this with us. We will accept that opportunity to work together.  Let us remember though what is a disappointing moment today for many of us is a dispiriting moment for millions of Americans who do not have the modest support unemployment insurance would provide. We have to work for them, we have to work for our economy, and we can do both. In the weeks ahead and the days ahead we will continue to do that.  I yield the floor.  