 President, I think Members can now see the Catch-22. Of course, retention without remedial education is not going to work, but there is not one who can say that our public education system is working with the policy of promoting youngsters even when they are failures, of never coming to grips with failure and then promoting them and graduating them when they cannot read or write, multiply, divide, add, recognize China on a map, or count change in their pocket. How do they get a job in the workplace of this new millennium? They do not.  That is why we have had employers come in to us and say: You have to raise the H-1B quota. We need more foreign nationals from other countries because we cannot hire public school graduates who can think, who can do what they need to do, and more and more employers have to provide remedial education which should be the job of the public school system.  I went to public school for all of my elementary school. There was a policy of no social promotion, and youngsters learned. There was remedial education. Districts are putting that back into play now.  We have different statistics. My staff yesterday talked with the superintendent of the Chicago school district, and these are the figures we were given:  No. 1, in 1996, 20.5 percent of students performed at or above national norms in 9th and 11th grade reading. In May of 1999, 32.5 percent of students performed at that level. That is a 12-percent increase in performance.  No. 2, he told us elementary reading scores are at their highest since 1990. In 1996, 26.5 percent of students were at or above national norms. In 1999, 36 percent were. That is up 10 percent.  No. 3, math scores are up, too. In 1996, 30 percent of children scored at or above national norms in elementary math. In May of 1999, they had risen to 44 percent. That is up 14 percent.  During this time, the very mayor who put this system into effect was up for reelection, and the people of Chicago reelected him. The day I was there, there was no question in my mind what parents thought about this program. They liked it. They wanted their children to learn, particularly parents of students of color. They know this is the only way their children are going to get the kind of education they need.  The President of the United States has called for ending social promotion. The Secretary of Education has prepared guidelines for educators on ending social promotion and guidelines for using Federal funds to adopt sound promotion policies.  In 1998, the California Legislature ended social promotion. Districts are now implementing it. For example, San Diego school officials will now require all students to earn a C overall average and a C grade in core subjects for high school graduation, effectively ending social promotion for certain grades for high school graduation.  I have a hard time understanding how people can speak against having accountability and excellence as a goal in public education, how they can rationalize this to say that the system that has brought us to be the 39th among 41 industrialized nations in education is one that we should not change.  Studies show that title I moneys are not producing the dividends we had hoped they should. Better those funds be spent on remedial education for poor children, better they be spent in teaching youngsters the basic fundamentals than spent diffusely throughout school districts and not achieving any change.  Public education, as we know it today, is in deep trouble. The Achilles' heel of education is this path of least resistance: Simply promoting a youngster regardless of whether they are in school, whether they are a truant, whether they are getting Ds or Fs, and not worrying about it because next year the light may go on and they might learn. I think the facts are clear, the light does not go on.  I tell you, I do not buy this business about increasing dropouts because you work with them in remedial education. I do not buy that at all. I think that unless our schools have basic standards, hold teachers and students accountable for performance, public education, as we know it today, will simply continue to sink below the waves.  I am proud that the largest State in the Union has taken some steps. I think if we were to target and provide the incentive that title I moneys from the Elementary and Secondary Education Act would only go to schools that were willing to observe accountability, and were willing to put in remedial education, and were willing to see the grades mean something, and that students are able to master basic core fundamentals, we would have the enlightened workforce of the future, which would mean that we would not have to continue to increase H-1Bquotas to bring foreign nationals into this country to carry out some of the finest occupations we have that should be going to our own students.  Mr. President, I reserve the remainder of my time.  