 President, Today I want to express my support for the NEA which plays an important role in preserving our culture and is funded in this bill.  The bill before us provides $105 million for the NEA, an increase of $7.3 million over FY 2000. This is of vital importance to the survival of the arts in both California and in the United States. National interest in the arts continues to increase. The number of artists in America has more than doubled since 1970. Today, the arts industry supports nearly 1.3 million jobs nationally; 391,200 indirectly, and 908,800 directly.  Despite this growth, the United States still spends nearly 50 times less on the arts than in any other countries: While the U.S. spends $6.00 per person on the arts, the United Kingdom spends $26.00; France spends $57.00; Finland spends up to $91.00.  In 1999, NEA funded projects in every county in the state of California, awarding 210 grants totaling $5.6 million. To date, in FY 2000, the NEA has provided 225 grants in California, totaling $7.3 million.  Here are three examples of how the National Endowment for the Arts helps preserve our national cultural heritage.  This year, the NEA awarded a grant to the City of San Diego Commission for Arts and Culture to support the Living Traditions Initiative. Living Traditions teaches a wide array of skills in music, dance, language arts, history, folklore, crafts and visual arts though classes, publications, recordings and the broadcast media.  In 1999, the NEA funded a collaborative project of the Brooklyn, New York, Historical Society to increase public access to visual materials documenting Prospect Park, the location of the 1776 Battle of Long Island, the first major conflict between the Continental and British Armies in North America, following the signing of the Declaration of Independence. The project will increase a historic image database, produce a guide for the database and make it Internet accessible.  In 1999, the NEA funded Documentary Arts, Inc. of Dallas, Texas, to support a series of films that explore the complexity of American life through the spoken word and community-based sounds of folk artists across the country.  Preserving national and community culture is one way to encourage patriotism and a sense of community that can help combat the apathy that keeps people from actively involving themselves in the daily life of their community.  The NEA can be a force to engage the imagination. The NEA funds arts education for children, such as these:  The Magic Theater in San Francisco, promotes the Young California Writers Project, an educational program designed to support young playwrights.  Class Act is a music education program in Orange County, California, elementary and middle schools supported by NEA.  Stagebridge in Oakland, California, provides a literacy program for both children and adults.  The National Book Foundation does literary outreach to link leading authors with underserved communities throughout the country. For example, American Voices brings established writers to American Indian reservations nationwide and conducts a summer writing camp for inner-city teens and adults.  The MoveSpeakSpin program in Santa Cruz, California uses dance education activities as a tool in teaching curriculum subjects in math and science, subjects which often are difficult for children to learn.  Given the demands on our school budgets in California, many school districts in California were forced to cut funding for music and art programs from their schools' curriculums. NEA funding in the schools helps assure that our children will still have access to arts education.  Additionally, students who participate in the arts do notably better on standardized testing. Research from the 1995-1997 College Entrance Examination Board shows that students who studied the arts scored an average of 83 points higher than non-art students on the SAT.  Arts can also provide a constructive outlet for young people. A three-year research study of YouthARTS, funded by the NEA and the U.S. Department of Justice in 1999, demonstrated that arts programs help decrease youth delinquency. Several NEA-funded projects have demonstrated this:  NEA awarded a grant to the Richmond Art Center in California to support expansion of the ``Art Reach'' program for at-risk youths in West Contra Costa County.  Creative Links: Positive Alternatives for Youth funds residency projects across the nation in which young people work with artists after school and during the summer. Programs are supported through arts organizations, community centers, low-income housing projects, tribal communities and juvenile facilities.  By encouraging at-risk teens to express themselves through art instead of antisocial behavior, the NEA can help deter delinquency.  For much of American history, art has been considered to be a ``luxury'' of the elite. Through traveling programs and other outreach programs, the NEA has made art accessible for Americans in all corners of the nation and to all economic strata. Here are some examples in California:  The Rural Journeys Project, run partially by Independent Eye, Ltd. in Sebastopol provides residencies that offer performances from the repertoire and workshops to rural communities nationally.  A grant to the Humboldt Arts Council in Humboldt supports a consortium of multi disciplinary arts workshops and activities to rural, low-income populations.  A Fresno Arts Council program compiles and assesses data on the state's artistic resources, including identification of traditional artists, and the creation of a database and report on artistic resources and needs.  NEA has opened up the artistic world to the visually and audibly impaired.  Deaf West Theater Company in North Hollywood supports a multi-disciplinary production of ``Oliver,'' the musical, and production workshops in schools that serve deaf and disadvantaged youth.  ARTREACH, Inc. of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, creates a Cultural Access Guide for the Disabled for theGreater Philadelphia region. The guide describes architecture and art for the physically disabled, blind, deaf, and hard of hearing populations to cultural venues.  Many private organizations which fund art base their grants on the profitability of an artist or on their organizations' goals. The NEA gives special attention to underrepresented groups. Here are two examples:  The NEA-funded Women's Philharmonic supports women conductors and music directors in leading national orchestras.  The San Francisco group, American Indian Contemporary Arts, with NEA funding, mounts thematic exhibitions of contemporary Native American artists' work.  Art is a ``language'' which crosses lines of race, ethnicity, culture, age, education, geography, and disability. Many of the projects which the NEA funds promote an understanding of our nation's diverse heritage:  The Hmong Cultural Arts, Crafts, Teaching & Museum project in California provides instruction in Hmong Pa Dao embroidery and instruction in the ancient musical instruments of Kheng and Xee Xo.  The Lake Tahoe Arts Project produces the Ballet Folclorico do Brasil  The American Musical Theater of San Jose produces ``Musicals in the Neighborhood,'' multi-lingual musical performances that focuses on universal themes.  Supporting arts representing different cultures is especially important to my state, the state with the most diverse population in the nation. Currently, California has 12 percent of the total population in the United States, 33 percent of the Hispanic population, 37 percent of the Asian/Pacific Islanders population, 7 percent of the African-American population, and 13 percent of the American Indian population. California is the true melting pot. By funding arts which express many cultures, the NEA helps to foster cultural understanding among these many groups.  The NEA provides Americans with valuable cultural programs, with an impact far beyond art. Through its work, the NEA has made great contributions to preserving American culture, educating American citizens, and assuring equal access to the arts and arts funding. To continue reaping these benefits, we must continue to support the NEA.  