 President, I rise today in support of the repeal of the estate tax.  I support the repeal of the estate tax because, on a very basic and fundamental level, I believe that the estate tax is unfair.  In some respects, for example, the estate tax amounts to double taxation, taxing, at times at a confiscatory rate in excess of 50 percent, assets which were already taxed when the income was earned. Regardless of how much or how little, if you have earned money, and paid taxes on it, you ought to be able to pass it on to your children without it being taxed yet again.  I also believe that it is critical to our continued economic growth and prosperity that small business owners and family farmers be given every incentive to work and grow their business, and to be able to pass those businesses on to their children to run and grow.  If a family works for years to establish and grow a business, an heir should not find that they are forced to sell the business simply to pay taxes on it, or that they must assume a crushing debt burden--which may well make the continued survival of the business untenable--simply to pay the taxes.  That is not fair, not right, and not what the American dream is all about.  In addition, because of soaring real estate prices, the estate tax is unfair to many middle class residents of my state who never thought, planned, or expected to find themselves subject to the estate tax. And the simple fact of the matter is that they should not be subject to the estate tax.  As I am sure many of my colleagues are aware, in recent years housing prices in California have gone through the roof. Modest two and three bedroom houses in many parts of California now sell for close to three-quarters of a million dollars.  These are not mansions, but simple and straightforward middle class houses--two or three bedrooms, perhaps a small back yard--in modest neighborhoods.  But because of the soaring value of their homes, many middle class families with modest incomes now find that they would be faced with having to pay estate taxes simply because of the value of their family home.  With few other assets other than their primary residences, a parent who wanted to pass on the family home to his or her children would find that their children would be forced to sell the family house simply to pay the estate taxes on the house itself.  That is not fair and that is not right.  Mr. President, I can think of few things that this Congress can do in addressing tax reform this year that are more important than repealing the estate tax. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in support of estate tax repeal.  