 President, I want to use my 15 minutes to do three things. The first two are to debunk certain myths that the National Rifle Association has developed. The first is the myth they have developed with respect to the second amendment to the Constitution. Second is the myth that the gun laws are not being enforced. The third item I would like to discuss is the juvenile justice bill that has been awaiting conference now for about a year.  Let me begin by talking about the NRA claim that the second amendment to the Constitution gives every individual the right to own any kind of weapon, no matter how powerful or deadly:  From the Derringer to a Bazooka. From the .22 to .50 caliber weapon. From a revolver that holds 5 bullets to weapons of war with drums of 250 rounds. From the copper jacketed bullets to the black talon that rips apart organs as it passes through a body.  The fact of the matter is that the Supreme Court has never struck down a single gun control law on second amendment grounds. Let me just quickly read to you the second amendment. It says:       A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security      of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear      arms shall not be infringed.  Contrary to the constant claims of the NRA, the meaning of the second amendment has been well-settled for more than 60 years --ever since the 1939 U.S. Supreme Court ruling in United States v. Miller. In that case, the defendant was charged with transporting an unregistered sawed-off shotgun across state lines.  In rejecting a motion to dismiss the case on second amendment grounds, the Court held that the ``obvious purpose'' of the second amendment was ``to assure the continuation and render possible the effectiveness'' of the State militia. Because a sawed-off shotgun was not a weapon that would be used by a state militia--like the National Guard--the second amendment was in no way applicable to that case, said the Court.  More than 40 years after the 1939 Miller case, in the 1980 case of Lewis v. United States, the Supreme Court again held that ``the Second Amendment guarantees no right to keep and bear a firearm that does not have `some reasonable relationship to the preservation or efficiency of a well regulated militia.' '' Again, the Court pointed to the militia as the key to the right to keep and bear arms.  Since Miller, the Supreme Court has addressed the second amendment twice more, upholding New Jersey's strict gun control law in 1969 and upholding the Federal law banning felons from possessing guns in 1980.  Furthermore, twice--in 1965 and 1990--the Supreme Court has held that the term ``well-regulated militia'' refers to the National Guard.  And in the early 1980s, the Supreme Court even refused to take up a Second Amendment challenge, leaving established precedent in place. After the town of Morton Grove, Illinois, passed an ordinance banning handguns--making certain reasonable exceptions for law enforcement, the military, and collectors--the town was sued on second amendment grounds.  The Illinois Supreme Court and the U.S. Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that not only was the ordinance valid, but went further to say--explicitly--that there was no individual right to keep and bear arms under the second amendment. In October 1983, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal of this ruling, allowing the lower court rulings to stand.  I was mayor of San Francisco when this took place, and I put forward legislation in the early 1980s to ban possession of handguns in San Francisco since at that time the homicide rate was soaring. The legislation passed. It was subsequently preempted by State law in a case brought and carried up to the State supreme court on the basis that the State of California had preempted the areas of licensing, of registration, and of possession, but it was not struck down on second amendment rights grounds.  Perhaps this history is what led former Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in 1991 to refer to the second amendment as ``the subject of one of the greatest pieces of fraud, I repeat the word `fraud,' on the American public by special interest groups that I have ever seen in my lifetime. . .[the NRA] ha(s) misled the American people and they, I regret to say, they have had far too much influence on the Congress of the United States than as a citizen I would like to see--and I am a gun man.'' This was Warren Burger--a Nixon appointee to the Court.  Burger also wrote,       The very language of the Second Amendment refutes any      argument that it was intended to guarantee every citizen an      unfettered right to any kind of weapon. . .[S]urely the      Second Amendment does not remotely guarantee every person the      constitutional right to have a `Saturday Night Special' or a      machine gun without any regulation whatever. There is no      support in the Constitution for the argument that federal and      state governments are powerless to regulate the purchase of      such firearms . . .  Erwin Griswold, former dean of Harvard Law School and Solicitor General in the Nixon Administration said in 1990 that ``It is time for the NRA and its followers in Congress to stop trying to twist the Second Amendment from a reasoned (if antiquated) empowerment for a militia into a bulletproof personal right for anyone to wield deadly weaponry beyond legislative control.''  All told, since the Miller decision, lower Federal and State courts have addressed the meaning of the second amendment in more than thirty cases. In every case, up until March of 1999, the courts decided that the second amendment refers to the right to keep and bear arms only in connection with a State militia--in other words, the National Guard, not an individual.  And the NRA is clearly aware of this history. Despite all of the NRA's rhetoric and posturing on this issue, theyknow that the second amendment does nothing whatsoever to limit reasonable gun control measures. In fact, in its legal challenges to federal firearms laws like the Brady law and my assault weapons ban, the National Rifle Association has made no mention of the second amendment.  When the Ninth Circuit expressly rejected a second amendment challenge to California's 1989 assault weapons ban, the NRA elected to not even appeal that ruling to the Supreme Court, because they knew they would lose.  In fact, even when part of the Brady law was struck down as unconstitutional, that decision was not based on the second amendment, but on a narrow States' rights issue.  Another suit against the 1994 assault weapons ban was based on a ``bill of attainder'' argument, that Congress illegally targeted gun manufacturers--again, the suit is not based on the second amendment.  Elsewhere around the country, the NRA has argued that various gun control laws violate the first amendment, or the privacy rights of gun owners, or even the equal protection clause because NRA members are treated differently than others. The second amendment is never even brought up.  Nonetheless, many on the other side of the aisle may point to the one, single, lone exception to the long history of second amendment jurisprudence.  On March 30, 1999, a United States District Judge in Texas struck down a federal law making it a felony to possess a firearm while under a domestic restraining order.  In the Texas case, a man in the midst of a divorce proceeding was accused of threatening to kill his wife's lover. Although put under a restraining order and therefore barred from possessing a firearm under federal law, the man was subsequently caught with a gun and indicted for violating the ban. U.S. District Court Judge Sam Cummings dismissed the indictment, in part because the federal law, he said, had the effect of ``criminalizing'' a ``law-abiding citizen's Second Amendment rights.''  This was the first time such a decision was made by a federal judge, but it is important to note that this decision has been appealed. There is absolutely no reason to believe that the Supreme Court, if it ever got to that level, would uphold this decision.  The Texas decision clearly flies in the face of 60 years of second amendment precedent and, as Handgun Control has said, ``can only be viewed as a renegade decision.''  In fact, in his opinion, Judge Cummings was unable to follow usual judicial practice and cite legal precedent supporting his decision, because no such precedent exists.  This ruling is, as I have said, being appealed and since that decision, two federal courts, including a higher circuit court, have ruled that the second amendment does not guarantee an individual right to keep and bear arms.  That is the first myth.  Now let me talk about the second myth being perpetrated by the National Rifle Association. That is that our current gun laws are not being enforced. Members have heard over and over again: We have the gun laws; now go out and enforce them.  Of course we should be enforcing our gun laws. And of course we are. And the evidence clearly shows that gun prosecutions are up. In fact, since the passage of the Brady Bill just seven years ago, more than 500,000 felons, fugitives, mentally ill individuals, and stalkers have walked into a gun dealer and walked right back out again without a gun because of a background check.  The NRA argues that prosecutions are down, but they fail to correctly interpret the statistics to recognize that state and federal cooperation have actually led to an increase in combined prosecutions during the Clinton administration.  In fact, since 1992 the total number of federal and state prosecutions combined has increased sharply, and about 25 percent more criminals are sent to prison for state and federal weapons offenses than in 1992--from 20,300 prosecutions to 25,100.  Federal numbers may be down, but there is a reason for it. The federal government is now focusing its prosecutions on higher level offenders, and turning the lower level offenders over to the states for prosecution. In fact, the number of prosecutions of higher level offenders--those sentenced to 5 or more years in jail--has gone up nearly 41 percent in 7 years. And the number of inmates in federal prison on firearm or arson charges have increased 51 percent from 1993 to 1998.  Just last month, Senator Kohl of Wisconsin and I introduced an amendment which would expand Project Exile to 50 cities and provide law enforcement with ballistics technology that will make it far easier to identify and punish the perpetrators of gun violence. And I also support the President's request to fund at least 500 additional ATF agents and 1000 new prosecutors to focus on guns.  But here's the rub, and here's the contradiction of the National Rifle Association. On the one hand, they say enforce the law, and then they go out and they oppose any effort to strengthen those laws. The NRA fought the Brady Bill for 10 years. The NRA defeated all attempts to allow the consumer product safety commission to regulate the safety of firearms. The NRA in 1986 got legislation passed which restricts Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms from inspections of gun dealers to once a year. Even dealers who are the source of hundreds of gun crimes cannot routinely be inspected more than once a year without a special court warrant.  For years, the NRA has even blocked the ATF computerization of gun sale records from gun dealers that have gone out of business. As a result, when a gun is traced as part of a criminal investigation, the files have to be retrieved manually from warehouses where old records are kept. This can add days or even weeks to an investigation. By the time the records are found, the trail may already be cold.  And most importantly, the National Rifle Association fights against funding law enforcement agencies at levels adequate to enforce our current laws.  As former New York City police commissioner William Bratten has said, ``The National Rifle Association has strenuously opposed increased financing for ATF and has successfully lobbied against giving it the authority to investigate the origin of gun sales.''  The result: ATF has been left underfunded, understaffed and unable to adequately enforce all the laws on the books.  And the simple fact is that even if enforced, the current laws aren't enough. There so riddled with NRA induced loopholes, that they are easy to get around. And that's why you see children killing children today. Guns left loaded without safety locks, with no responsibility in the law, civil or otherwise, for parents to keep those guns and weapons in safe storage.  Let me speak as a member of the Judiciary Committee.  Mr. President, this body passed a comprehensive bill to address the problem of juvenile crime almost exactly one year ago. The House followed suit a month later. Both bills passed by wide margins, and this Nation was given hope that some solutions to the problems of gun violence and juvenile crime were close at hand.  Yet simple fact is, the conference committee has met only once--in early August of last year. No real issues have been discussed. No progress has been made. The bills sit in legislative purgatory, apparently never to see the light of day again.  Democrats in both Houses have been ready and willing to debate these issues in conference for months now. But time continues to tick by. It now seems clear that these bills will die a quiet death at the end of this session because the NRA opposes certain targeted gun laws passed by this body to keep the guns out of the hands of children, out of the hands of juveniles, and out of the hands of criminals.  There is no one I have ever spoken to who believes a gun should not be sold without a trigger lock. There is no one I have ever spoken to who believes an assault weapon should be purchased by a juvenile. There is no one I have ever spoken to who believes we should not plug the loophole in my assault weapons legislation which permits the importation of clips, drums, or strips of more than 10 bullets--even the NRA agrees to that. And there is no one I know, outside of the National Rifle Association, who believes that two teenagers from Columbine should be able to go to a gun show and buy two assaultweapons with no questions asked. That is what this is all about. As a result, all of the important issues we debated will go un-addressed: Gang violence, juvenile detention, firearm regulation reform, and a host of other problems will go unsolved.  Mr. President, this demonstrates just how deeply these bodies are dominated by this one special interest group--these people who fervently resist any regulations on weapons, no matter how mild, no matter how targeted, and no matter how much the American people want it.  The Columbine incident shocked this nation to its core and this Congress to action. But since we passed that bill one year ago, we have continued to see tragedy after tragedy, all because we live in a nation awash with guns, and we won't stand up to the NRA.  In Atlanta, we saw a distressed day trader gun down his family and colleagues. In California, a hateful bigot killed a postal worker and then wounded five others at the North Valley Jewish Community Center in Granada Hills. The pictures of those young children being led away from the scene of the tragedy were not only heart-wrenching, but also clearly depicted the trickle-down of gun crimes in this country. Now the victims are young children.  We even saw one six year old child bringing a handgun to school, apparently in retaliation for a slight the day before, and use that gun to kill another 6 year old.  And every day since Columbine, another 12 children have died from gunshot wounds, in incidents of gun violence that go relatively unreported, and with outcomes not so public.  These incidents will never stop until we do something to stop them. The death rate will never be diminished unless we stand up and take action.  The Senate-passed juvenile justice bill is not an over-reaching statement with regards to gun control. Rather, the provisions in the juvenile justice bill are small, reasonable measures to make a difference in the lives of our children. None of those provisions should be controversial. Let me describe just a few of these provisions.  This bill includes four common sense provisions to address gun violence:  A ban on juvenile possession of assault weapons and high capacity ammunition magazines;  Closing the gun show loophole;  Requiring safety locks with every handgun sold in America;  And my provision to ban the importation of large capacity ammunition magazines.  Let me talk just a bit about this last amendment--my amendment to ban the importation of large capacity ammunition feeding devices.  The ``Large Capacity Ammunition Magazine Import Ban Act of 1999'' passed the Senate as an amendment to S. 254 by voice vote, after a motion to table failed 59-39. The same amendment, offered by Judiciary Chairman Henry Hyde on the House floor, passed by unanimous consent in the House.  This amendment would stop further importation of large-capacity ammunition clips by eliminating the grandfather clause--as to these imported clips--that was included in the 1994 Assault Weapons Ban. Large-capacity ammunition clips are ammunition feeding devices, such as clips, magazines, drums and belts, which hold more than ten rounds of ammunition.  This legislation would not ban the sale or possession of clips already in circulation. And the domestic manufacture of these clips is already illegal for most purposes. Under current law, U.S. manufacturers are already prohibited from manufacturing large capacity clips for sale to the general public, but foreign companies continue to do so.  As the author of the 1994 provision, I can assure you that this was not our intent. We intended to ban the future manufacture of all high capacity clips, leaving only a narrow clause allowing for the importation of clips already on their way to this country. Instead, BATF has allowed millions of foreign clips into this country, with no true method of determining date of manufacture.  In fact, from July, 1996 to March, 1998, BATF approved over 2.5 million large-capacity clips for importation into the country. And recently, that number has sky-rocketed even further. Between March of 1998 and March of last year, BATF approved more than 11.4 million large-capacity clips for importation into America. Since that time, there have been millions more as well.  The clips come from at least 20 different countries, from Austria to Zimbabwe.  These clips come in sizes ranging from 15 rounds per clip to 30, 75, 90, or even 250 rounds per clip.  At least 40,000 clips of 250-rounds came from England;  Two million 15-round magazines came from Italy;  10,000 clips of 70-rounds came from the Czech Republic;  156,000 30-round clips came from Bulgaria;  And the list goes on, and on.  Mr. President, 250-round clips have no sporting purpose. They are not used for self defense. They have only one use--the purposeful killing of other men, women and children.  It is both illogical and irresponsible to permit foreign companies to sell items to the American public--particularly items that are so often used for deadly purposes--that U.S. companies are prohibited from selling.  Yet this amendment, along with the rest of the juvenile justice bill, remains stalled in conference.  And the juvenile justice bill being held hostage by the NRA is not just a gun bill. That legislation also contains countless provisions to stem the tide of youth violence in general:  A comprehensive package of measures I authored with Senator Hatch to fight criminal gangs; and  The James Guelff Body Armor Act, which contains reforms to take body armor out of the hands of criminals and put it into the hands of police;  And the Senate bill also provides for:  A new $700 million juvenile justice block grant program for states and localities, representing a significant increase in federal aid to the states for juvenile crime control programs, including:  Additional law enforcement and juvenile court personnel;  Juvenile detention facilities; and  Prevention programs to keep juveniles out of trouble before they turn to crime.  The bill contains provisions regarding the nature and amount of contact allowed between juvenile offenders and adult prisoners. These are important provisions relating to the safety of youth offenders that have been worked out through extensive negotiations for months, yet they, too, remain in limbo.  The bill encourages increased accountability for juveniles, through the implementation of graduated sanctions to ensure that subsequent offenses are treated with increasing severity  The bill reforms juvenile record systems, through improved record keeping and increased access to juvenile records by police, courts, and schools, so that a court or school dealing with a juvenile in California can know if he has committed violent offenses in Arizona; and  And the bill extends federal sentences for juveniles who commit serious violent felonies.  There are some key issues that still need to be resolved, including the issue of who gets to decide whether a young offender is tried as a juvenile or an adult. It is my hope that the conference committee will give judges greater discretion in this area. But if the conference committee never meets, this issue--like so many others--can never be resolved.  Mr. President, all of the common-sense provisions in this bill are now at risk of disappearing without a trace, and I urge the majority to proceed with the conference and come to a compromise.  Let me now turn to more recent events.  Mr. President, this past weekend, we saw a formidable gathering of people united in a common cause--750,000 at the National Mall and tens of thousands in other cities throughout America--marching in support of common-sense gun laws.  These mothers, fathers, sons and daughters gathered together for one purpose--to tell this Congress that enough is enough. These moms and others were saying that we can, should and shall put an end to the violence that is taking 80 lives a day--12 of them children--in our nation. We must pass sensible legislation to prevent gun violence.  There are those who will try to dismiss the Million Mom March as a one-shot affair, a day in the sun on the Mall, but I say such cynics do not know the power of a woman whose child is in jeopardy. Such cynics do not know the power of a million women united on behalf of the safety of their families.  There are those, such as the National Rifle Association, who have even sought to deride the Million Mom March, as ``a political agenda masquerading as motherhood'' in full-page newspaper ads.  While at the same time bragging about working out of the White House after November, the NRA said it was ``shameful to seize a cherished holiday for political advantage.''  But women throughout America have a message for the NRA--your time is up. It's a message so well articulated in a Tapestry on the Million Mom March web site. On this Tapestry, thousands of women have had their say about the senseless violence taking more than 30,000 lives a year.  I'll pick out just a couple of these messages to share with you today. Here's Kerry Foley, Chevy Chase, Maryland: ``I am the mother of three and I am an emergency medicine doctor. I have seen the carnage of gun violence first hand--a high school student shot dead while mowing the lawns by a mentally ill person. A man who shot his brother to death in an argument over the TV remote. We are not safe. Our kids are not safe. I'll be at the march to add my voice to all of yours.''  And Karen Farmer, from Littleton, Colorado, ``The right for my child to live, far outweighs anyone's `right' to own anything.''  Mr. President, I ask approval to submit this Tapesty as part of the Record. It demonstrates the spirit, determination and commitment of women throughout America, the one force that I believe can finally break the gridlock that is keeping even the most common-sense gun laws from passage.  This march was the culmination of a lot of pent up grief and frustration at the inability of Congress to act.  On August 10, 1999, a hate-filled madman opened fire at a Jewish Community Center in Granada Hills, California, wounding five people, three of them children.  This was but the latest mass shooting across our great country. Who can forget the horrors of Paducah, Kentucky; Jonesboro, Arkansas, and Littleton, Colorado to name just a few. But on that day last August, the dream of the Million Mom March was born.  Mothers from New Jersey to California shared that dream and joined together this past Sunday, urging Congress to pass the four common-sense gun measures held in Conference Committee as part of the Juvenile Justice Bill since last June. And urging this Congress to approve new legislation for firearm licensing and registration.  Mr. President I have been working on this issue for months, with community groups dedicated to preventing gun violence, with law enforcement officials, other Senate offices and even individuals involved in the Million Mom March.  As Donna Dees-Thomases, organizer of the March, said ``licensing and registration is the foundation of sane gun laws. Without these basic measures, even current gun laws cannot be adequately enforced.''  The product of our work is the ``Firearm Licensing and Record of Sale Act of 2000,'' a bill I introduced last week with the support of my colleagues, Senators Lautenberg, Boxer and Schumer.  I began working on this legislation after the shooting at the Jewish Community Center in Granada Hills, when I became determined to find a better way to ensure that only responsible citizens have access to firearms.  I believe that this legislation will begin to address three key problems facing our nation.  First, too many criminals are finding it easy to obtain firearms. Our system of background checks has been a success--the Brady Law has stopped more than 500,000 felons, fugitives, stalkers and mentally ill applicants from obtaining firearms.  However, under the Brady Law a background check is required only when a gun is purchased through a licensed dealer. Gun shows and private sales have long provided a safe haven for those persons who are not legally entitled to buy a gun.  Only with a comprehensive system of licensing and records of sale can we hope to limit these illegal sales. By requiring that gun owners be licensed, that every transfer be processed through a licensed gun dealer, and that gun dealers record the transfer of guns, we will begin to limit the number of gun sales that fall between the cracks.  Second is the problem of gun tracing. Gun tracing is the process through which law enforcement can take a gun found at the scene of a crime and, as the name suggests, trace it back to its owner. In this way, many crimes have been solved and many dangerous perpetrators caught.  But without a national system of licensing and sale records, and without universal background checks, law enforcement often finds it impossible to track down the perpetrators of these crimes. Guns left behind, even those with serial numbers, turn out to be no more than dead ends for criminal investigators, because they may have been sold many times--even legally--with no background checks, no records kept, and no accountability.  If we begin to record the transfers of these guns, we make it easier for law enforcement to trace a crime gun to the perpetrator of the crime.  For this same reason, Senator Kohl and I recently introduced legislation to further the efforts of law enforcement to establish so-called ``gun fingerprints''--ballistics information that will allow law enforcement to trace those who use guns in crime even when the firearm itself is not found at the crime scene.  Third, and what I believe is the primary benefit of this legislation, we place a greater burden of responsibility on those persons who own dangerous firearms.  As Mike Hennessy, the Sheriff of San Francisco, recently pointed out in a letter to me, ``Most importantly,'' this legislation ``places responsibility for the tragic consequences of children having access to firearms squarely where it belongs, on the adult owner.''  This legislation provides criminal penalties for those adults who knowingly or recklessly allow a child access to a firearm, if the child then uses the firearm to seriously injure or kill another person.  Mr. President, the problem of firearm injury goes beyond just criminal violence. Too many lives are lost every year simply because gun owners do not know how to use or store their firearms--particularly around children.  In fact, according to a study released early last year, in 1996 alone there were more than 1,100 unintentional shooting deaths and more than 18,000 firearm suicides--many of which could have been prevented if the person intent on suicide did not have easy access to a gun owned by somebody else.  And think of this--if a man goes into a barber shop to have his hair cut, the barber is licensed. When we women go to a beauty shop to have our hair done, the cosmetologist is licensed. If we want to fish, we get a license. If we want to hunt, we must get a license. If you're a pest control eradicator, you must have a license. If you want to drive a car--not a lethal weapon in itself--but certainly a lethal weapon if irresponsible people are driving it, you get a license. And as a matter of fact, you register the automobile.  When a 16-year-old boy wants to drive a car, we make him prove that he knows the rules of the road, and that he can operate a car safely and responsibly. But if that 16-year-old uses his hard-won new license to drive to a gun dealer, he faces no written safety test, and no demonstration of proficiency whatsoever. It is time to recognize that a firearm is at least as dangerous as an automobile.  These are the issues--keeping guns out of the hands of criminals, tracking down criminals once they have used a gun in the commission of a crime, and making sure that gun owners know how to safely use and store their weapons.  I know that no single piece of legislation can solve the problems of gun violence in America. But in order to begin addressing these issues, I have introduced a bill that will require that all future transfers of handguns or semi-automatic guns that can take detachable magazines be recorded, and their owners be licensed.  Now let me first discuss why the bill covers the guns that it does.  The bill covers handguns because statistically, these guns are used in more crime than any other. In fact, approximately 85 percent of all firearm homicides involve a handgun.  And the legislation also covers semi-automatic firearms that can accept detachable magazines, because these are the assault weapons that have the potential to destroy the largest number of lives in the shortest period of time. A gun that can take a detachable magazine generally also take a large capacity magazine. Combine that with semi-automatic, rapid fire, and you have a deadly combination--as we have seen time and again in recent years.  Put simply, this legislation will cover those firearms that represent the greatest threat to the safety of innocent men, women and children in this nation. Common hunting rifles, shotguns and other firearms that cannot accept detachable magazines will remain exempt.  Now as to those firearms that will be covered by the bill, there are two requirements placed on prospective gun owners.  Regarding the licensing requirement first, this legislation requires that every person wishing to own a firearm covered by this bill must obtain a license--either from the federal government or from a state program that has been certified by the federal government.  In order to obtain a license, a person will have to provide proof of identity, and be legally entitled under federal law to own a gun. This will entail providing several things to federal or local law enforcement:  Provide information as to date and place of birth and name and address;  Submit a thumb print;  Submit a current photograph;  Sign, under penalty of perjury, that all of the submitted information is true and that the applicant is qualified under federal law to possess a firearm;  Pass a written firearms safety test, requiring knowledge of the safe storage and handling of firearms, the legal responsibilities of firearm ownership, and other factors as determined by the state or federal authority;  Sign a pledge to keep any firearm safely stored and out of the hands of juveniles--this pledge will be backed up by criminal penalties for anyone failing to do so;  And undergo state and federal background checks.  Once an individual has received the license from the Treasury Department, that single license entitles the licensee to own or purchase any firearm covered by this bill. Only one license is required, no matter how many firearms are purchased.  Licenses will cost $25 maximum and be renewable every five years. They can be revoked anytime if the licensee becomes disqualified from owning a gun under federal law.  Right now, the United States is one of only two countries--along with the Czech Republic--that does not have a firearm licensing system. Perhaps that is one of the reasons why children under 15 in this country are 12 times more likely to die from gunfire than the children of 25 other industrialized nations combined.  Only America, so advanced in other ways, remains so backward in how we regulate guns and gun owners. I believe that it is time to listen to the American people, and to enact common sense, reasonable legislation to ensure that all gun owners become responsible gun owners, and that guns themselves can be used more effectively to track down perpetrators of gun violence.  The second requirement of this legislation is that all future transfers of firearms covered by this bill be recorded by a licensed gun dealer.  This record of sale provision means that guns that are transferred in the future will, effectively, be registered. Registration is not a complicated issue, and it is one that every American will understand. We register many things in this country that are far less dangerous than firearms.  We register cars and license drivers;  We license barbers and cosmetologists:  We register pesticides;  We register animal carriers and researchers;  We register gambling devices; and  We register a whole host of other goods and activities--even ``international expositions,'' believe it or not, must be registered with the Bureau of International Expositions!  The American people already support national gun registration overwhelmingly, despite a concerted campaign by some to change their minds.  By requiring that firearm sales and transfers be recorded, we will establish some accountability for the use and care of those guns. Law enforcement will be able to track crime guns back to their legal owners, so owners will therefore need to be more careful about storing their guns so they are not stolen and also in reporting gun sales--nobody wants to be responsible for a crime committed by someone else.  As San Francisco Sheriff Mike Hennessy wrote to me, ``By requiring every transfer of handguns and semi-automatic firearms to be made through a licensed dealer, a chain of ownership can be established that can assist law enforcement in identifying firearms used in the commission of crimes.'' This record requirement is not so we can target law abiding citizens, but rather so that law enforcement can quickly apprehend criminals who use guns in crime.  Firearms dealers already keep careful track of gun sales, and submit serial numbers to the ATF for later use in gun tracing. The new record of sale requirement will essentially mean that this same process will be expanded to all covered firearms.  Penalties will vary depending on the severity of the violation:  Those who fail to get a license will face fines of between $500 and $5,000.  Failing to report a change of address or the loss of a firearm will also result in penalties between $500 and $5,000;  Dealers who fail to maintain adequate records will face up to 2 years in prison--dealers know their responsibilities, and this will give law enforcement the tools necessary to root out bad dealers and prevent the straw purchases and other violations of law that allow criminals easy access to a continuing flow of guns;  And adults who recklessly or knowingly allow a child access to a firearm face up to three years in prison if the child uses the gun to kill or seriously injure another person.  Mr. President, the Million Mom March was just the beginning of a powerful movement for sensible gun laws. Like the women activists before them, mothers and others who led the fight to abolish child labor, to establish juvenile courts, to improve child care and broaden health coverage, the participants in this March are now united behind a cause that we cannot afford to ignore: Sane, common-sense gun laws; child-safety locks on handguns; a ban on minors buying assault weapons; closing the gun-show loophole that allows buyers to get around background checks; prohibiting the import of high-capacity ammunition magazines; and finally licensing gun owners and registering firearms. After all, we ask people to get licenses to drive a car and we register automobiles; why not gun-owners and firearms?  I urge the Senate to pass the juvenile justice bill, and to continue the fight against gun violence demanded by those million people this past weekend.  