 President, it is with great regret that I rise in opposition to this Republican budget resolution.  It is with regret because I had sincerely hoped that this year, thanks to a booming economy and a federal budget surplus, Congress would be able to approach the budget resolution in a bipartisan and responsible manner, and do what is necessary to protect Social Security and Medicare, make sure we have adequate funds to meet important domestic priorities like education and the environment, and provide fair tax cuts for working Americans.  Indeed, thanks to unprecedented economic growth, the tough choices we made on the budget in 1993, and the discipline we have demonstrated since passing the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1997, this year we have an opportunity to structure a fiscally responsible budget that pays down the national debt and makes important investments in America's domestic priorities.  Unfortunately, this Republican budget resolution threatens to blow a hole in the budget by instituting irresponsibly large tax cuts. It does not provide sufficient funding for important domestic priorities and the long-term fiscal solvency of Social Security and Medicare.  When I first came to the Senate seven years ago, we faced $200 billion annual federal deficits as far as the eye could see. Thanks to fiscal discipline and the current economic boom we are running surpluses. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the non-Social Security budget surplus over the next ten years will be over $890 billion.  Thanks to the size of the surplus we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to pay down our national debt and meet the challenges of the future.  We have the opportunity to extend the solvency of Social Security and Medicare so that these programs are available for the next several generations of recipients.  We have the opportunity to invest in education, the environment, and health care. To reduce class size and increase Title I funding. To clean up our environmental treasures, including Lake Tahoe. To provide health care for all children.  We have the opportunity to provide prescription drugs for seniors who currently have to make the choice between paying for food or prescription drugs.  And we have the opportunity to provide fiscally responsible and targeted tax cuts for working Americans.  Unfortunately, this budget resolution is not fiscally responsible, and it does not meet these needs.  The budget resolution calls for $150 to $200 billion in tax cuts over the next five years. Who knows how much these cuts will cost over the next ten years? Tax cuts that appear to be modest and reasonable at first will mushroom in years six to ten to something like $1 trillion. To hide this the Republicans on the Budget Committee did not even try to estimate the size of these tax cuts in the so-called ``out'' years. They did not even try because the reality is that these tax cuts will be greater than the non-Social Security budget surplus over 10 years, just as they are over 5 years.  This budget resolution uses the surplus for tax cuts, not debt reduction. The non-Social Security budget surplus is expected to be $171 billion over the next five years, but this budget resolution calls for $168 to $218 billion in tax cuts over the same period. Quite simply, this resolution does not protect Social Security surpluses.  The Republican budget calls for increases in spending on defense, education, veterans health care, and income support payments for farmers. I applaud these increases. We need a strong defense. To take care of veterans. To educate our children. To protect our farmers from income fluctuations that are the result of weather, disease and market conditions.  Unfortunately, to increase funding for these priorities while providing almost $1 trillion in tax breaks would result in a ten percent across-the-board cut in all other non-defense discretionary spending.  Let me tell you what this means for ordinary people. Over the next 5 years a 10 percent across-the-board budget cut would cut: 750,000 low-income women, infants and children from WIC; 1,100 FBI and 900 DEA agents; 316,000 Pell Grants for needy students; and 40,000 students from Head Start.  This budget resolution would leave the COPS program about 40,000 police officers short of the goal of 150,000. It would prevent us from providing urgent repairs for 5,000 schools. It could force us to abandon plans to put 100,000 new teachers in our classrooms and reduce class sizes.  The reality is that even though this budget is predicated on slashing these programs, and more, the Republican Congress has not been able to slash non-defense discretionary spending. Domestic spending grew in 1997, 1998, 1999, and 2000. In fact, it grew by more than ten percent last year.  So what are our options?  This budget resolution forces us to decide between an across-the-board ten percent budget cut in domestic spending or dipping into the Social Security Trust Fund. This is not fiscal discipline. This is not fiscally responsible.  We must extend the solvency of Social Security and Medicare. This budget resolution opens the door to raiding the Social Security and Medicare trust funds, thereby reducing the solvency of these entitlements.  We must take this once in a lifetime opportunity to provide prescription drugs for seniors that cannot afford them. This budget resolution will not do so.  We must take this opportunity to expand Title I, secure funding for 100,000 new teachers, modernize schools, and increase Head Start funding. To extend the 100,000 COPS program and protect our children from gun violence. To bolster the Immigration and Naturalization Service's ability to protect our borders. To protect the environment and expand mass transit in California and other states.  Let me be clear: In addition to spending on these important domestic priorities, I also believe that we have a responsibility to provide tax relief.  In fact, last year Senator Grassley and I introduced the Tax Relief for Working Americans Act of 1999. This is legislation to provide tax relief for working families in a fiscally responsible manner--$271 billion over ten years--and in a budget framework which protects Social Security and Medicare. It includes provisions to eliminate the marriage penalty for 21 million working couples, provide for health insurance and child care, promote long-term care, create more affordable housing, make education more affordable, and keep our economy strong through incentives such as the research and development tax credit.  We must provide targeted tax relief; Eliminate the marriage penalty; Expand the earned income tax credit; Establish a long-term care tax credit; Establish educational savings accounts and Individual Development Accounts; Permanently expand the research and experimentation tax credit.  I believe that given the health of our economy and the Federal budget surplus we can provide the American people with real tax relief, responsible tax relief. But this Republican budget resolution does not do so.  The current economic boom has presented us with a unique opportunity--we can save Social Security and Medicare, invest in domestic priorities, provide for a strong national defense and give working Americans targeted tax relief. All while paying down the national debt.  Unfortunately, this budget resolution includes unrealistic tax cuts that risk upsetting the current economic climate. This resolution may set us down a path of fiscal irresponsibility that will endanger all of our gains of the past few years.  I urge my colleagues to oppose this budget resolution.  