 President, the bill the Senate is considering today addresses some of the nation's most pressing problems and is very important to my state, the largest state in the nation, with a population of 34 million people.  California's schools face huge challenges--low test scores, crowded classrooms, teacher shortages, booming enrollments, decrepit buildings.  California has 5.8 million students, more students than 36 states have in total population and one of the highest projected enrollments in the US.  California has 40 percent of the nation's immigrants; we have 50 languages in some schools.  Many of California's students have low test scores and are taught by uncredentialed teachers.  At the college level, the University of California has the most diverse student body in the US. Federal programs provide nearly 55 percent of all student financial aid funding that UC students received. Our colleges and universities are facing ``Tidal Wave II,'' the demographic bulge created by children of the baby boomers who will inundate California's colleges and universities between 2000 and 2010 because the number of high school graduates will jump by 30 percent.  Our needs are huge.  I am pleased that the bill before us increases education by $4.6 billion over last year. The federal share of elementary-secondary education funding has declined from 14 percent in 1980 to 6 percent in 1999.  Devoting more resources to education is critical in my state. On May 17, the American Civil Liberties Union filed a suit against the California Department of Education charging that many of our students do not have the bare essentials for getting an education, basics like textbooks, school supplies, libraries, computers, and credentialed teachers. In some classes, there are not enough seats or desks, the air conditioning and heating systems are broken and the roofs leak. I do not know what the outcome of this suit will be, but it is certainly a sad commentary on the state of our schools.  Clearly, we need to do more and this bill makes a start.  The bill increases the Title I program, the program for disadvantaged students, by $278 million. I am grateful that the committee included two of my requests relating to what is called the ``hold harmless'' provision.  In 1994, Congress put in the law a requirement that the Department of Education annually update the number of poor children so that the allocation of funds would truly reflect the most recent count of poor children. This is a very important provision to growing states like mine. However, despite my opposition, the hold harmless provision has been included in the last three annual appropriations bills and this bill today, effectively overriding the census update requirement and locking in historic funding amounts for states despite the change in the number of poor children.  Secretary Riley said--I whole-heartedly agree--that ``a basic principle in targeting should be to drive funds to where the poor children are, not to where they were a decade ago.'' Because of the hold harmless, my state has lost over $120 million since 1998 and I am disappointed that my efforts to totally eliminate it were not successful. Nevertheless, I appreciate the inclusion of two provisions: (1) a provision that says that the Department of Education cannot apply the Title I ``hold harmless'' to other programs that use the Title I formula in whole or in part; and (2) a provision clarifying that the ``hold harmless'' will not apply to any ``new'' funds, funds exceeding the FY 2000 level. These are steps forward.  Head Start is one of the most important federal programs because it has the potential to reach children early in their formative years when their cognitive skills are just developing. Many studies have confirmed the significance of bringing positive influences to early brain development. But we know that poor children disproportionately start school behind their peers. They are less likely to be able to count or to recite the alphabet.  Providing low-income children with access to programs that encourage cognitive learning and prepare them to enter school ready to learn is important. Head Start has the potential to reach every low-income child, to help every eligible child learn in the pre-school years.  The addition of $1 billion in this bill for Head Start could enroll 1 million more children by 2002, a 19 percent increase over last year. This is good first step. Nationwide, only 42 percent of eligible children participate in the Head Start program. I would like to see 100 percent of all eligible children enrolled. I think we can do it. California has 764,462 poor children age 5 and under in poverty, but we are only serving 13 percent of eligible children. We must do better.  The Rand Corporation has found that for every dollar invested in early childhood learning programs, taxpayers save between $4 and $7 later by reducing the need for alcohol and drug treatment programs, special education programs, mental health services, and the likelihood of incarceration. The proposed $1 billion increase is a good step to ensuring that every child gets a head start.  I firmly believe, however, that we must do more with the proposed $1 billion increase than merely enroll more children in the program. We must continue to improve the Head Start program such that children leave the program able to count to ten, to recognize sizes and colors, and can begin to recite the alphabet, to name a few indicators of cognitive learning. We must also continue to raise the standards and pay of Head Start teachers.  We also need to recruit qualified Head Start teachers who have demonstrated knowledge and teaching skills in reading, writing, early childhood development, and other areas of the preschool curriculum. Having qualified teachers is a critical way to jump-start cognitive learning and ensure that our youngsters start elementary school ready to learn.  I am disappointed that the bill ``flat funds'' (provides no increases) for helping newly immigrant children. Appropriations were $150 million in 1998, $150 million in 1999, and $150 million in 2000 and in this bill.  California receives $180.00 for each eligible immigrant child which hardly begins to address the needs these children bring to the classroom. These arethe most at-risk of all children. They speak another language; their schooling has been interrupted and they have huge adjustment challenges. We can do better.  It is disappointing that the bill does not specifically include the President's initiatives on school construction and class size reduction. These are long overdue.  The bill does include in the Title VI block grant $2.7 billion that local districts can use to reduce class sizes and/or to build schools. This will help my state. California will need 300,000 new teachers by 2010. Eleven percent or 30,000 of our 285,000 teachers are on emergency credentials. For school construction, modernization and deferred maintenance, California needs $16.5 billion by 2004. Two million California children go to school today in 86,000 portable classrooms.  California started reducing class sizes in grades K-3 in the 1996-1997 school year. We had then and we still have some of the largest class sizes in the country. And every parent knows that the smaller the class the more individualized attention students receive and the more effective the teacher can be.  I am pleased to see the increase of $817 million for the Child Care and Development Block Grant. Quality, affordable child care helps keep low-income working parents employed and off welfare. The increase in child care funds will help increase the number of available child care ``slots'' and improve the quality of this care.  Health care is another important concern of Californians that is addressed in this bill in several ways.  The California health care system is on the brink of collapse. In my state, 38 hospitals have closed since 1996 and 15 percent more may close by 2005. Over half my state's hospitals are losing money. Seismic safety requirements add more cost strains.  We have an uninsured rate of 24 percent (7.3 million people), far above the national rate of 18 percent. Despite a thriving economy, the number of Californians without health insurance grows by 50,000 per month.  California has the second highest incidence of HIV/AIDS in the US. While the AIDS death rate has declined, it is still too high; 40,000 new infections develop each year. In California, 100,000 people are living with HIV/AIDS.  California ranks 37th overall among states having children immunized by the age of 18 to 24 months.  For NIH, with a 15 percent increase or $2.7 billion, this bill will keep us on the path toward doubling NIH over five years. Even though Congress has given NIH generous increases in the last two years, NIH in 2000 can only fund 31 percent of grant proposals.  Investing in biomedical research has given us longer lives, healthier lives, and cures and new treatments and insights into diseases ranging from asthma to Alzheimers. This is an area of governmental activity that Americans overwhelmingly support. Fifty-five percent of Californians said they would pay more in taxes for more medical research.  This bill increases cancer funding by almost $500 million, raising the National Cancer Institute to $3.8 billion. Dr. Richard Klausner, Director of NCI, indicated during the Subcommittee's hearing on funding for NIH that in order to fund all the meritorious grant applicants NCI would need a 20 percent increase in funding. I am hopeful that the increase in this bill will bring us closer to a cure and will give us the tools to better treat the 1.2 million Americans that will face cancer this year.  While the National Cancer Institute is making great strides in understanding cancer and how to treat cancer, cancer is still the second leading cause of death for all Americans, meaning that one of every four people dies of cancer. Fifty percent of Americans have had someone close them die from cancer.  There are 1.2 million new cases each year. Over 552,000 Americans will die from cancer this year. Because of the aging of our population, the incidence of cancer will continue to grow and reach staggering proportions by 2010, with a 29 percent increase in incidence and a 25 percent increase in deaths, at a cost of over $200 billion per year. The cancer burden will balloon especially in the next 10 to 25 years as the country's demographics change.  Why invest more in cancer research? The Cancer March Research Task Force said we could reduce cancer deaths from 25 to 40 percent over the next 20 year period, saving 150,000 to 225,000 lives each year. Other areas that could be enhanced are bringing new cancer drugs from the laboratory to clinical trials; continuing to identify genes involved in cancer; improving our understanding of the interaction between genes and environmental exposures; finding new ways to detect cancers earlier when they are small, not invasive and more easily treated.  We must also improve participation in cancer clinical trials. Medicare beneficiaries account for more than 50 percent of all cancer diagnoses and 60 percent of all cancer deaths, but only three to four percent participate in clinical trials. Hopefully, with the increases in this bill, NIH can improve recruitment into clinical trials to advance science toward more cures.  I am disappointed that the bill moves FY 1998 funds for the Children's Health Insurance Program to 2003. Unfortunately, 37 states, including mine, have not been able to enroll children as quickly as they had hope and have not used all the funds we provided. Without this bill, California's unspent CHIP funds would be redistributed to other states. Under this bill, states will have until October 1 to spend their 1998 CHIP funds and funds allotted to my state to insure children will not go to other states, as they would without this bill.  We must do more to ensure that all children are fully-immunized by the age of 2. While the bill has $524 million for CDC's program, a 14 percent increase over last year, it falls $75 million short of providing the resources necessary to conduct adequate community outreach in under-served areas, parental and provider education about new vaccines, and the development and operation of state-based immunization registries, and $10 million short of providing adequate funding for the purchase of vaccines.  Do we really want our children to get polio, measles, mumps, chicken pox, rubella, and whooping cough--diseases for which we have effective vaccines, diseases which we have practically eradicated by widespread immunization? My State ranks 37th overall among States having children fully immunized by the age of 18 to 24 months. According to an Annie E. Casey Foundation report, 28 percent of California's two-year old children are not immunized.  Every parent knows that vaccines are fundamental to a child's good health. However, some families do not have access to vaccines through health insurance. Congress must make certain there is adequate funding for immunization programs so that all children are immunized against disease.  The bill increases funds for the Ryan White CARE Act by $55 million, for a total of $1.6 billion. This is important to thousands of Americans with HIV/AIDS. Since 1990, the CARE Act has helped establish a comprehensive, community-based continuum of care for uninsured and under-insured people living with HIV and AIDS. People who would not otherwise have access to care are able to receive medical care, drugs, and support services.  The CARE Act is particularly important to communities of color. AIDS is the leading cause of death among African American men and the second leading cause of death among African American women between the ages of 25 and 44. By comparison, AIDS is the fifth leading cause of death among all Americans in this age group.  A disproportionate number of African Americans and Hispanic/Latinos are also living with AIDS. Whereas African Americans represent only 13 percent of the total U.S. population, they represent 36 percent of reported AIDS cases. Likewise, Latinos represent 9 percent of the population but 17 percent all of AIDS cases. We must do more to target prevention efforts and funding for CARE Act services to the communities most heavily impacted; minority and under-served communities.  Two of California's largest cities, Los Angeles and San Francisco, are among the top four metropolitan cites with the highest number of AIDS cases in the United States. Through the CARE Act, Los Angeles has provided servicesto over 43,160 clients since 1996. San Francisco has provided services to 47,440 since 1996. I am disappointed that the Committee's recommendation provides for $70 million less for Ryan White AIDS programs than requested by the administration. We should fully fund the CARE Act. The CARE Act is more important now than ever. The epidemic is not over. In fact, it is reaching into lower-income communities, affecting more women and minorities than previously. HIV/AIDS remains a health emergency in the United States. The Centers for Disease Control estimates that 40,000 new cases are reported annually. According to the Centers for Disease Control, between 650,000 and 900,000 Americans are currently infected with HIV while the number of AIDS cases has nearly doubled over the past five years.  Community health center programs are the ``medical home'' to millions of uninsured and low-income individuals. Current resources only allow health centers to serve 10 percent of the Nation's 44 million uninsured. This is troubling given that the number of our Nation's uninsured continues to grow at a rate of 100,000 per month. At this rate, by 2008 we can expect our nation's uninsured to reach 58 million. As the number of uninsured continues to grow, community health centers will become even more important as more people will rely on these centers to access health care.  Community health centers are the backbone of our Nation's safety-net. I am committed to doubling funding for these centers over the next five years. This requires an increase of at least 15 percent in each of the next five years, including an increase of $150 million in 2001. Although the $100 million increase in the bill is a good step, it is not enough. We need to add $50 million to the program to meet this goal.  Community health centers are vital to California's 7.3 million uninsured. Over 80 of California's clinics are located in under served areas and provide primary and preventive services to 10 percent of the uninsured people in the state. With a much needed increase in funding, these clinics could provide care to more of my State's uninsured. The care provided by health centers reduces hospitalizations and emergency room use, reduce annual Medicaid costs, and help prevent more expensive chronic disease and disability. Increasing appropriations to health centers makes good sense.  I am disappointed in the cuts in the bill to train health professionals. Almost one in five Californians lives in a health professions shortage area. We are facing a nursing shortage and will need 43,000 more nurses by 2010, which is a conservative estimate based on a projected 23 percent increase in the state's population. I hope these cuts will be restored.  The bill reported by the Committee funds the Social Services Block Grant at $600 million or 75 percent less than the authorized level of $1.7 billion. This drastic reduction in funding for SSBG will result in cuts to vital human services for our most vulnerable citizens. I hope we can restore these funds.  If the program were fully funded, California would receive $203.8 million in SSBG funds. If funding is cut to $600 million nationwide, California will receive $71.9 million. This is a reduction of $131.9 million.  California uses this money to fund its developmental disabilities program, which provides services and support to people with developmental disabilities and their families. The State also uses the funds to provide support for in-home care givers to the elderly, blind, and disabled. SSBG is a major source of funding for child protective services and for child care in every state.  This is a good bill, addressing many of the nation's critical human needs. The bill can be improved in several areas.  I hope the leadership and the bill's managers will work hard to restore the cuts I have cited and to send to the President a bill that addresses the nation's many critical health, education and human services needs.  