 President, today Senators Sessions, Byrd, Lieberman, and I are offering an amendment to address one of the most significant detriments to good education in our public schools. That is the practice of passing children on to the next grade regardless of whether they make passing grades. It is called social promotion. While this practice may be politically correct, it has, I believe, become the single most important factor leading to the decline in quality of public education in America.  Under our amendment, in order to receive Federal funds, States would be required to prohibit the practice of social promotion and adopt achievement standards in the core academic subjects. Decisions about how to implement a nonsocial promotions policy would be left to the States and localities.  Implicit in the amendment is that remedial education is necessary and can be provided through a number of different Federal, State, and local sources.  This amendment is carefully written so that implementation is left with State and local governments. For example, State and local officials would decide all specifics of promotion policy and the criteria for passing and holding back students, achievement standards, subjects that constitute the core curriculum, grades when students would be tested, grading methods, testing methods, and remedial education.  The amendment defines social promotion as a formal or informal practice of promoting a student from the grade for which the determination is made to promote or not to promote to the next grade when the student fails to achieve a minimum level of achievement and proficiency in the core curriculum for the grade for which the determination is made.  The amendment covers elementary through secondary grades--grades 1 through 12. It is carefully crafted so that reform changes could be made incrementally, grade by grade, or in any fashion the State or local school districts see fit.  Social promotion misleads our students, their parents, and the public. Even educators have concluded that it doesn't work.  Let me give you the conclusion of a study conducted by the American Federation of Teachers. I quote:       Social promotion is an insidious practice that hides school      failure and creates problems for everyone: For kids who are      deluded into thinking they have learned the skills to be      successful, or get the message that achievement doesn't      count; for teachers who must face students who know that      teachers wield no credible authority to demand hard work; for      the business community and colleges that must spend millions      of dollars on remediation; and for society that must deal      with the growing proportion of uneducated citizens unprepared      to contribute productively to the economic and civic life of      the nation.  The American Federation of Teachers has said that social promotion is rampant and that only 22 States have standards in the four core disciplines of English, math, social studies, and science that are well grounded in content and that are clear and specific enough to be used.  They surveyed 85 of the Nation's 820 largest school districts in 32 States representing one-third of the Nation's public school enrollment.  None of the districts in the AFT national survey has an explicit policy of social promotion. But almost every district has an implicit practice. According to the U.S. Department of Education, a third of students across the United States perform below the basic level of proficiency; 15 percent who graduate from high school cannot balance a checkbook or write a letter to a credit card company to explain an error on a bill.  Mike Wright, a San Diegan, told the San Diego Tribune he continued to get promoted from grade to grade and even graduated from high school even though he failed subjects. At the age of 29, he enrolled in a community college to learn to read.  Let me talk for a moment about social promotion in Los Angeles.  School officials decided they would end the practice. That is the good news. The bad news was that if it were done all at once, they found that one-half of the entire student population --350 students--would have to be held back. More than two-thirds of eighth graders would be flunked if social promotion were fully ended.  The problem was so massive that they have had to scale back their plans and implement the new policy more slowly. They have taken a multistep, phased-in plan, and this legislation is structured to give school officials the flexibility to do just that.  I would like to read a letter sent to me yesterday from the superintendent of that school district, a man who was superintendent of public instruction when I was mayor of San Francisco and whom I respect greatly. He points out:       One of the solutions is to institute an intensive program      of standards-based promotion, eliminating the dastardly      practice of social promotion that has advanced the student      from one grade to the next without having learned what was      required in his current grade. In its initial phase, we are      targeting the second and eighth grade and focusing on      reading, because that is the foundation of all learning. Our      program is very practical in design, and is based on      classroom space, materials, professional development, and the      availability of staff.       It would be my proudest hope that we can and will provide      the education for our children of poverty that they deserve.      These are the disadvantaged, who in this district are      predominantly children of color. I see the end of social      promotion as a way to ensure that all children will have      the basic skills to become contributing Members of their      community.  The Governor of California, Gov. Gray Davis, has endorsed our amendment. In a February 29 letter to me he wrote:       I write to express my support for your amendment that      provides for achievement standards, assessment of student      performance in meeting those standards, and an end to the      practice of social promotion. As you know, improving      education in California is my first, second, and third      priority. Last year, I sponsored the California Public      Schools Accountability Act which established a comprehensive      high stakes school accountability system, the various      components of which will be phased in over the next several      years. Your amendment will provide an added impetus to      reinforce our State's commitment to ensuring the achievement      of all students.  Mr. President, at least half of my State's 5.6 million students perform below their grade level. California ranks 36th out of 39 States in fourth grade reading proficiency, 32nd out of 36 States in eighth grade reading proficiency, 41st out of 43 States in fourth grade math performance.  Let me speak about Chicago, the major city of the Presiding Officer. On June 1, I took a group of top-level California educators and experts to Chicago and spent the day discussing what was being done. In Chicago, they have abolished social promotion. They have established content standards. They test student performance in meeting the standards. They have adopted a core curriculum, teacher lesson plans. They evaluate schools on a regular cycle. They intervene with failing schools. They have performance criteria for teachers and principals and they put in place extensive remedial and afterschool programs providing the very necessary help for struggling students. The Chicago school district is 90 percent minority and 90 percent poverty.  If it can be done in Chicago, it can be done everywhere else. The results are there: Reading, up 12 percent; math, up 14 percent. Scores are improving.  Chicago stands as an example, but it takes political will and courage to make these changes. Our legislation provides the incentive.  I yield 10 minutes to my cosponsor, the distinguished Senator from Alabama, Mr. Sessions.  