 President, I rise today in support of the amendment sponsored by Senator Chafee from Rhode Island. This amendment expresses the sense that the United States should support bilateral and multilateral debt relief for the world's poorest countries with unsustainable debts, and provide the funding for bilateral and multilateral debt relief the Clinton administration has requested.  Last year, United States and other industrialized countries agreed to provide $27 billion in debt relief for heavily indebted poor countries that adopt sound economic policies and use the savings for health, education, and poverty reduction efforts, and the Clinton administration pledged to pay four percent of the total. The $435 million the administration requested for Fiscal Year 2001 is a down-payment on our $920 million pledge.  The countries that will benefit are classified by the World Bank and International Monetary Fund as Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPCs), which means they have unsustainable debts and are extremely poor.  In these countries:  One in ten children dies before his or her first birthday;  One in three children is malnourished;  More than half of all citizens live on less than $1 per day; and  HIV infection rates are as high as 20 percent.  More than two out of three of these countries spend more on debt service than health care.  Every dollar in debt payments these countries make to the United States and other creditors is one fewer dollar to spend on education, health care, and other basic needs.  Many of these countries, including Zambia, Uganda, Togo, Cote d'Ivoire, Mozambique, and Tanzania, to name but a few, are in the midst of a HIV/AIDS pandemic. Every dollar in debt payments these countries make is one fewer dollar to spend on HIV/AIDS prevention and treatment programs.  This debt relief proposal will not solve every problem in these countries, but it will help. Bolivia, our democratic ally, began receiving debt relief in 1997. In 1999, Bolivia saved $77 million in debt service as a result of debt relief provided by multilateral institutions. Most of the savings went to increased spending on health care and education.  Uganda has also received multilateral debt relief. Uganda saved $45 million in debt service payments in 1999, and it increased spending on poverty reduction programs, primary education, and primary health care by $55 million. Since 1997, the primary school enrollment rate has increased by 50 percent.  Uganda is not the only country in desperate need of debt relief in Africa. The World Bank and International Monetary Fund list 33 countries in Africa as HIPCs, meaning they are extremely poor and have unsustainable debts.  As Dr. Jeffrey Sachs, the director of the Center for International Development at Harvard University, wrote in The Washington Post, on May 23, 2000, in regard to malaria, HIV/AIDS, and tuberculosis,       Debt cancellation for Africa has come down to a matter of      life and death. African leaders know very well that for their      own countries to muster the internal resources to fight these      dread diseases, they will have to be permitted by the      creditor nations to shift the funds now spent on debt      servicing into public health.  We must provide debt relief to accountable governments, not to dictatorial regimes that waste funds on the military and violate human rights.  This amendment urges the Senate to fund multilateral debt relief efforts carried out by the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund for countries that use the funds transparently, allow participation by civil society, do not grossly violate human rights, and do not spend excessively on the military.  Debt relief will allow Heavily Indebted Poor Countries, which use up to 60 percent of their budgets for debt service on loans made by the United States and other industrialized countries to dictators during the Cold War, to use these precious resources to meet basic needs.  The debt burden condemns these countries to poverty. Relieving the burden from these debts will give these countries a chance to develop. Relieving debts that can never be repaid is the humane thing to do.  The Clinton administration has requested $435 million for this initiative to help the world's poorest people. The United States has committed to this multinational debt relief plan, and we should live up to our commitment.  I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support funding for debt relief for the world's poorest people. I urge my colleagues to do the right thing.  