 President, I rise to support the underlying goal of the bankruptcy bill, which is to promote personal financial responsibility. Bankruptcy filings have increased at an astonishing pace since the last overhaul of the Bankruptcy Code in 1978. In 1978, there were 182,000 consumer bankruptcy filings. Twenty years later in 1998, 1,444,812 people filed for bankruptcy. Bankruptcy has become so commonplace that more than one in a hundred households will file for bankruptcy this year.  The rise in bankruptcy filings is particularly disconcerting given the record expansion of our economy, which this week became the longest expansion in our Nation's history.  Bankruptcy should be a last-resort legal option, and not a vehicle for avoiding personal responsibility. People should not be able to file bankruptcy if they can easily pay back their debts.  Another key aspect of bankruptcy reform is the need to address the growth of consumer credit. It's a simple matter of arithmetic. The typical family filing for bankruptcy in 1998 owed more than one-and-a-half times its annual income in short-term, high-interest debt. This means the average family in bankruptcy with a median income of just over $17,500, and $28,955 in credit card and other short-term high interest debt.  There are over a billion credit cards in circulation--a dozen credit cards for every household in the country. Three-quarters of all households have at least one credit card. Credit debt has doubled between 1993 and 1997 to $422 billion from just over $200 billion.  A constituent from Lakewood, California describes the situation aptly: ``What really bugs me about this is that credit card companies send out these solicitations for their plastic cards and then when they get burned, they start crying foul. They want all kinds of laws passed to protect them from taking hits when it's their own practices that caused the problem.''  This legislation has taken some steps to address the problem of consumer credit, but more needs to be done.  One of the major reasons that I am supporting the bill is that it includes my amendment to require the Federal Reserve Board to investigate the practice of issuing credit cards indiscriminately, without taking steps to ensure that consumers are capable of repaying their debt, or in a manner that encourages consumers to accumulate additional debt.  The amendment allows the Federal Reserve Board to issue regulations that would require additional disclosures to consumers, and to take any other actions, consistent with its statutory authority, that the Board finds necessary to ensure responsible industry-wide practices and to prevent resulting consumer debt and insolvency.  In addition, I am pleased that the bill requires credit card companies to warn consumers about interest costs, and provide a toll-free phone where they can find out how long it would take toeliminate a balance when just paying the minimum balance each month. Credit card companies also are required to better explain teaser rates and late fees in their solicitations.  The Senate also has made important improvements to this bill, both in the Judiciary Committee and on the floor. In my home state of California, for example, we have suffered from the abusive practices of bankruptcy mills including price gouging of debtors, incompetent service, and fraud. The bill includes an amendment to curb this abusive practice.  However, I remain very concerned about the minimum wage and tax amendments attached to this bill. Let me first say that I am strong supporter of raising the minimum wager. In the four years since Congress last past a minimum wage increase, the U.S. economy has continued to surge at an unprecedented rate.  Nine million new jobs have been added to the economy. More than a million of those are in the retail sector. Unemployment is down and the number of jobs for women, African-Americans, Hispanic Americans, and teenagers has grown. Clearly the increase in the minimum wage has helped working families and it is time to do so again.  The problem with the minimum wage increase in this bill is that it is spread out over too long a period of time. The amendment would raise the minimum wage by $1 in three steps of 35 cents, 35 cents, and 30 cents.  California's minimum wage is $5.75. Under this proposal, working families there would not benefit at all in the first year, receive only a 10 cent wage increase in the second year, and would not feel the full increase until 2003. That is simply unacceptable.  The time to raise the minimum wage is not when the economy is ailing. It's when the economy is flush and that time is now.  Congress should raise the minimum by $1 over two years as proposed by Democrats and we should do it now.  The bill also contains a $77 billion tax package whose benefits are skewed toward upper-income taxpayers. Specifically, the package has health insurance and long-term care provisions which would disproportionately benefit higher income taxpayers. I am also concerned about the fairness of the package's pension provision which would principally benefit highly-compensated employees.  In summary, I think there is a lot of good in the bankruptcy bill, and I intend to vote for it because it can still yield a worthwhile final product. However, extensive improvements are still needed in conference. The Conference negotiations must resolve the minimum wage and tax problems, and other deficiencies is the bill.  I need to work with my Senate colleagues to implement these needed changes.  