 President, I rise today to join Senator Lugar in introducing the Unilateral Palestinian Statehood Disapproval Act. This is cosponsored by Senators Moynihan, Specter, Inhofe, Santorum, Grams, Collins and Murkowski.  We are now 7 days away from September 13. That is the day that the Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat has set, in the past, as a day when he would declare, unilaterally, Palestinian statehood. He has recently said that he would reassess his intention to declare an independent Palestinian state unilaterally. I am hopeful that he will. But, nonetheless, I am concerned that neither he nor other senior Palestinian leaders have repudiated the idea of a unilateral declaration of statehood.  As part of the 1993 Oslo accords, the Israelis and Palestinians committed to resolving all outstanding issues through negotiation. Chairman Arafat reiterated this position on July 25 of this year, at the conclusion of the last round of the Camp David negotiations when he and Prime Minister Barak issued a statement agreeing on the importance of ``avoiding unilaterally action that prejudiced the outcome of negotiations.'' Indeed, one of the keys to the success of the peace process thus far has been the commitment by each side to avoid any unilateral action that would undermine the search for a mutually satisfactory agreement.  A unilateral declaration of Palestinian statehood would violate the commitments of Oslo. A unilateral declaration of statehood would be a grave blow to the peace process, one from which that process might not be able to recover.  I believe very strongly, and my cosponsors do as well, that any Palestinian state should be the result of negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians, not the result of the unilateral action of either one side or the other.  It is my sincere hope that in the next few days, Mr. Arafat and others in the Palestinian leadership will step back from the September 13 deadline and recommit themselves to the Oslo process and negotiations with Israel.  This legislation is necessary, however, because should Mr. Arafat go forward with the unilateral declaration, the repercussions for the peace process and stability in the Middle East are, indeed, both serious and severe. The United States must make it clear thatwe will not recognize or condone a unilateral declaration and that the United States will work to make sure the international community neither accepts nor supports a unilaterally declared Palestinian state.  The legislation we introduce today would do the following:  It would state that the United States should not recognize any unilaterally declared Palestinian state.  It would urge the President and the Secretary of State to use all diplomatic means to work with other countries to deny recognition to such a unilaterally declared state.  It would prohibit any direct U.S. assistance to a unilaterally declared Palestinian state, except for humanitarian assistance or cooperation on antiterrorism efforts.  It would direct the Secretary of the Treasury to oppose membership in any international financial institution by a unilaterally declared Palestinian state and oppose any financial assistance from these institutions to such a state.  It would state the sense of the Congress that the President should downgrade the status of the Palestinian office in the United States to an information office.  It would also state the sense of the Congress that the President should oppose Palestinian membership in the United Nations or any other international organization, and that the United States should oppose economic or other assistance to a unilaterally declared Palestinian state, except for humanitarian or security assistance.  Finally, it would urge the President to expedite and upgrade the ongoing review of strategic relations between the United States and Israel.  We have included a Presidential national interest waiver authority so that if the President deems that even with a unilateral declaration that the peace process can move forward, the United States will have the flexibility to continue that process.  I realize that it is a little unusual to say, but it is my sincere hope that this legislation will never require action, let alone implementation.  I have been a long-time supporter of the peace process and for a peace agreement that provides security for Israel and leads to the consensual establishment of a Palestinian state that will be a peaceful neighbor of Israel. Since coming to the Senate, I have worked long and hard as an advocate for peace in the Middle East and as a supporter of the negotiations led by President Clinton, Secretaries Christopher and Albright, and conducted so ably by Dennis Ross.  Because of this support, it is my sincere hope that Mr. Arafat will not choose to heed those who have suggested that the Palestinian Authority should unilaterally declare a Palestinian state on September 13. If Mr. Arafat is willing to continue to work within the context of the peace process and stick to his commitments at Oslo and Camp David not to take unilateral steps, then I believe the United States should continue our partnership with the Palestinian people in search for peace. Under such circumstances, there is no need for this legislation.  I was deeply disappointed that the last round of negotiations at Camp David did not succeed in reaching an agreement. Prime Minister Barak appeared to make every effort to reach out and extend the hand of peace and placed items on the table for negotiation that no Israeli Prime Minister was previously even willing to discuss with the Palestinian leadership.  Although there is still a long way to go, I believe that if both sides are sincere in their desire for peace, a negotiated settlement is still possible, and it is my hope that Israel and its Palestinian neighbors will once again find themselves at the negotiating table in the not too distant future. I understand that Mr. Arafat, Prime Minister Barak, and President Clinton will be meeting in New York this week, and I hope the talks can get back on track. But if the Palestinians should choose to endanger the peace process by a unilateral declaration of statehood on September 13, the United States must be clear what our policy should be.  The United States has a vital and an important role to play as an honest broker in the region and as a guarantor of the peace process and any peace that may result. It is precisely our role as an honest broker that compels me to offer this legislation. If the Palestinians take unilateral steps that undermine the peace process, the United States must make it clear that we will neither condone nor support such actions.  I urge my colleagues to join the Senator from Indiana and me in sending a clear and compelling message in support of the Middle East peace process. Unilateral actions are not acceptable to the United States, and should the Palestinian Authority choose to break with the peace process, the United States will act accordingly.  Mr. President, it is my understanding that Senator Specter may well be coming to the floor to make some comments on this. If he does, I ask unanimous consent that his comments be reflected directly following mine and Senator Lugar's.  