 The concepts are the authors', and much of the writing is actually a product of those meetings with the Justice Department. In fairness, staff has changed over the years. We worked with one assistant U.S. Attorney General, and that person has changed, and so on and so forth. We have also worked with White House staff. The basics of the amendment that the Senator questions as being burdensome in verbiage is really very simple: to reasonable notice of, and not to be excluded from any public proceedings relating to the crime; to be heard, if present; to submit a statement at all such proceedings to determine a conditional release from custody and acceptance of a negotiated plea or sentence.  I might say that this was gone over with precision and detail with Justice as to whether a plea bargain would be effected; the foregoing rights in a parole proceeding that is not public to the extent these rights are afforded to the convicted offender; the reasonable notice of and an opportunity to submit a statement concerning any proposed pardon or commutation; reasonable notice of escape or release from custody. I will say the pardon has not been worked out with Justice, and there are some negotiations going on about that right now. But notice of release or escape; consideration for the interest of the victim; that any trial be free from unreasonable delay--there was considerable discussion through Senator Kyl, ourselves, attorneys for the victims, victims' rights groups, as to not to create a problem there. And the words ``to consideration of the interest'' were added to avoid any problem. To order restitution, to consideration for the safety of the victim in determining any conditional release from custody, and to notice of the rights: that is essentially the bulk of the basic rights. The rest sets up a vehicle.  Now, we have heard two Senators come to the floor and say: ``Who would define a victim?'' We have to write in this that the Congress shall have the power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation. So the Congress would enforce the article. And some of that language, by way of clarification, is added.  This is not 1791; it is the year 2000. Fortunately, since 1791, there is court precedent. There is now definition oflanguage in the law that has been predetermined, and it is much more complicated, I think, to write this kind of language than it was way back when.  