 President, I rise with my colleague from Wisconsin, Senator Kohl, to introduce legislation to better protect American consumers from irresponsible companies who knowingly allow defective vehicles or vehicle parts to remain on the market.  Our bill, the ``Defective Product Penalty Act,'' would significantly increase the responsibility of companies to test products for defects, to recall those products when necessary, and to report to authorities when defects are found.  Recent news stories about Firestone tires have grabbed the headlines, but this bill really addresses some long-standing and serious deficiencies within our current laws. The Firestone case has highlighted the need for these overdue proposals, and it is our hope that this legislation receives swift and serious consideration. The time has come to close some loopholes and impose some real responsibility on company executives who ignore public safety.  Let me describe specifically what this bill does:  First, this legislation will increase civil penalties for failure to recall a defective vehicle or part or withholding information from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA). Current penalties are $1,000 per violation with a maximum penalty in these cases of $925,000. The Defective Product Penalty Act would increase the penalty to $10,000 per violation, and would eliminate the maximum penalty altogether. A penalty of $925,000 for a multi-billion dollar, multinational business is not even enough to cause the company to think twice about releasing or recalling a defective vehicle. We need to give the NHTSA some real teeth.  Second, this legislation will establish criminal penalties for knowingly distributing a defective vehicle or part, or for failing to recall or tell authorities about a defective product, if that defect results in death or injuries. If death results, the legislation calls for a penalty of up to 15 years in prison. If serious injury results, the legislation calls for penalties of up to 5 years.  Third, this legislation would extend the statute of limitations for NHTSA to mandate recalls, from 8 to 10 years for vehicles, and from 3 to 5 years for tires.  Fourth, the bill would require companies to actually test vehicle products before self-certifying that the product is in compliance with NHTSA standards.  Next, the legislation clarifies federal law to make it clear that in cases involving vehicle products sold in the U.S., a company must send the NHTSA copies of all notices sent to dealers and owners, even if the notices are sent only to owners and dealers in foreign countries.  Finally, this legislation includes provisions from Senator Kohl's ``Sunshine in Litigation Act'' (S. 957), to:  Prohibit federal courts from issuing protective orders that prohibit individuals from disclosing potential defects or dangers to regulatory agencies; and  Prohibit federal courts from enforcing secrecy agreements without first balancing the need for privacy against the public's need to know about potential health and safety hazards. In other words, no longer can a company put other consumers at risk by forcing a plaintiff to keep quiet about a potential threat to public safety.  Mr. President, this legislation will send a clear signal to irresponsible companies and individuals who intentionally put the public at risk from defective products--you will now be held responsible for your actions. I urge my colleagues to join us in this effort.  