 President, I rise in support of the amendment offered by the Senator from Arizona to require the disclosure of donors to tax-exempt groups who engage in political activities. These groups use an obscure provision of the Tax Code--section 527--to shield the identity of contributors and use the funds to make anonymous attacks on candidates for public office.  Section 527 organizations represent the latest attempt to bypass campaign finance laws and pour undisclosed money in the electoral process. There is no official public information about the number of such groups, who their officers are, where the money is coming from, and how it is being spent.  Section 527 of the Tax Code was enacted to provide candidates, political parties, and PAC's with special tax treatment. These groups are required to register with the Federal Election Commission and disclose contribution and expenditure information.  In recent years, however, the IRS has ruled that organizations which intend to influence the outcome of an election but do not expressly advocate the election of a candidate qualify as a political organization but are not required to file with the FEC. These groups can raise and spend as much money as they want to influence an election, but the public has no information on who or what they are.  This is precisely the sort of activity that makes the political process appear corrupt and undemocratic. The American public is becoming increasingly disenchanted and uninterested in electoral process because they feel their voices are being drowned out by soft money donations to political parties.  In the case of soft money, however, at least the amount of the contribution and the name of the group or person who is making the donation must be registered with the Federal Election Commission. These groups spend unlimited amounts of money and none of it has to be disclosed. This insidious hijacking of the campaign finance system must be corrected.  It is a simple fact that the American public believes that large contributions are made to influence decisions being made in Washington. They are becomingly increasingly cynical of the process and fewer and fewer people are participating in elections.  In 1996, voter turnout was 48.8 percent--the lowest level since 1924. Turnout for the 1998 mid-term election was 36 percent--the lowest for a nonpresidential election in 56 years. Congress has a responsibility to take steps to reverse this trend.  The first step should be to require the disclosure of contributors to tax-exempt organizations. The Senate must act to close this loophole and we must do it now. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.  