 I would like to follow up with something. My staff has handed me a letter from Professor Tribe dated today. It is on this point. I think it adds some additional very distinguished credibility to what the Senator is saying. It says:       I am writing to address one consideration in particular      that is highlighted by the proposed Crime Victims Assistance      Act, S. 934, whose sponsors--many of whom are my good      friends--evidently hope that by this Federal statute they      obviate the need for the proposed constitutional amendment. I      favor S. 934's enactment, at least in principle. I assume      that closer study of the detailed provision than I have been      able to undertake would disclose ways in which it might be      improved. But minor technical flaws, or even design defects      in the contemplated statute would be beside the point and are      not my focus. After all, detailed problems with the statute's      terms could be cured by redrafting and would not in      themselves explain why only an amendment to the Constitution      could meet the need for fuller national protection of      victims' rights.  Then he goes on to say this--and I am skipping some:       The mere brandishment of the banners of defendants' rights      or of prosecutorial needs too often suffices to push the      needs and interests of victims--to be notified, to observe,      to be heard, to have their views considered, to achieve      closure, and to be compensated if possible--into the      background. Rather than creatively and determinedly seeking      ways to protect victims' rights in ways that manage fully to      respect the genuine rights, privileges, and needs both of the      accuser and the accused, state and local officials are      understandably but unfortunately tempted to relegate victims      and their rights to second-class status or to shelf them      altogether, as merely hortatory and aspirational provisions      of law enacted with something much stronger and more      operational in mind.  He essentially goes on to say again why a statute won't work. He says:       The argument is flawed first, because it fails entirely to      come to terms with the basic reasons, set forth above, that      merely statutory measures would be unable to combat the      deeply rooted attitudinal problems confronting victims and      their claims of right; and second, because insofar as it      assumes broad congressional power to act under Section 5 of      the Fourteenth Amendment, it is simply ignorant of the series      of decisions in the 1990s and reaching into 2000, beginning      with the invalidation of the Religious Freedom Restoration      Act and continuing with the invalidation of provisions of the      Patent Reform Act and the Age Discrimination Employment Act,      in which the modern Supreme Court has dramatically curtailed      the legislative authority of Congress to use its Section 5      power to protect interests that Congress, but not yet the      Court, is prepared to recognize as constitutional rights, or      even to protect Court-recognized constitutional rights in      circumstances, or by means, not shown in the legislative      record to be ``necessary.''  What Professor Tribe at this stage is adding to this is that any statute passed by us does not take into consideration the courts striking down of the Religion Freedom Restoration Act, the Patent Reform Act, the Age Discrimination and Employment Act. He is saying that the authority of Congress is now more limited to use its section 5 power to protect interests that we think are valid.  The striking down of these bills, in effect, makes the constitutionality of anything that we might pass by way of a Federal statute extraordinarily vulnerable. I think this is new information which we have not had a chance to analyze and consider which may enable us to come back and fight another day.  