 President, I thank my colleague, Senator Boxer from California, for her leadership and for this sense-of-the-Senate resolution, which I am very happy to support fully.  Today, I received a packet of letters. They are from fourth and fifth grade children. I want to read just a few parts of these letters:       My name is Nikki. * * * I am 11 years old. * * * No one in      my household has a gun, not one of them. * * * One day, I saw      a neighbor of mine get shot on her way to the candy house.      She got shot 4 times. She got shot 3 times in her side and      once in her leg. Now she's paralyzed for life. That really      hurt me and a lot of other people. She was only 12 years old      and she was a nice girl.  Here is another one:       I am Talia and I am 11 years of age. And when I'm coming      home from school, I see little 13 year old teenagers playing      with guns like it's a thing to do. I walk across the street      to go get some ketchup for my cousin's house and I see people      dragged into the * * * park.       * * * We're little kids. We need to live in a safer      community and this is not safe. So write to all the gun      stores and let them know what kids think about guns.  Here is another one:       My opinion is no people should have guns, because one day      in the summer that passed this girl was in her house. Then a      man dragged her out of her house up the stairs. After he      punched her and shot her in the leg, she had a hole in her      leg. The police and ambulance had to come and wrapped her leg      up.       * * * I want the Senator to make guns no more. No more guns      in this world.  Here is another one:       I am a fifth grader. And mainly every year I hear at least      20 gunshots. I am scared at night because I think it's going      to be a drive-by. I even sometimes can't go outside to recess      because gunshots are heard.  Here is another one:       My name is Justin. I am in the fifth grade.       * * * At night in my neighborhood there are gunshots and      sometimes it keeps me awake. When I walk home from school,      there is gangs in one spot and another gang in another spot.       Could you please help and make guns illegal? All the kids      in my class want you to help. If you help, then I thank you      very much.  Here is another one:       What I know about guns and gun control is to not let guns      get into the wrong hands.       * * * What I want is to not let guns get in the wrong      hands. To let it not go to people that just came out of      prison to get payback. That is what I want and I hope you can      do something about this and I want support of gun control      laws.  Here is another one:       * * * When I was 3 years old, I saw a black and silver gun.      When I saw it, I ran in my house and saw the person get shot      by it. I was so scared I cried my eyes out. So please support      us.  Another one:       * * * I think you should stop people from shooting other      people. People should have to get a license and people should      have to have a background check for getting guns.      Please support gun control laws.  Another one:       * * * My experiences are hearing guns, like one day when it      was my Aunt's birthday, we were all in the house looking out      the window. We had seen this man on top of the hill. He had a      gun. Then he just started to point it and then he started to      shoot. We all had to drop to the floor. It was scary.       What I want is only the police to have guns because they're      the only ones who's using them right. I want you to vote to      have only police have guns, it's just right. And if police      are not using them right, please take them away. I want gun      control over guns.  Another one:       * * * I am 10 years old. And I have seen people shoot      another person. One night I had heard gunshots. I looked out      the window and saw a man running, and another man lying on      the street. He was shot about fifty times. My uncle was shot      on Christmas night on his way home from work.  Ladies and gentlemen of the Senate, this is the real world. This is what is happening out there. How can we stand by and not do anything?  I speak as a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. I have been on this committee for as long as I have been in the Senate. I am a supporter of the juvenile justice bill. That day when we debated four commonsense, targeted gun measures--all of them, I thought, no-brainers--I was so proud to be a Member of this body. I remember that Senator John Ashcroft moved an amendment to say that youngsters, children, could not buy assault weapons. That was a no-brainer. It went through this body. The second amendment was on trigger locks. My colleague from California and others in this body have championed that--that is, that guns should have trigger locks. That way, a 6-year-old can't use the gun.  A 5-year-old from Memphis, TN, took a gun to school to kill his kindergarten teacher because the teacher gave him a ``time-out'' the day before. A simple $15 gun lock, or trigger lock, would have stopped that from happening. That was the second measure. Plugging the gun show loophole so that children from a school can't go to a gun show and buy a gun, no questions asked, was the third one.  The fourth one was mine, to prohibit the importation of these big clips that are coming in from all over the world by the tens of millions. Some of them are as big as 250 rounds.  Those are four simple, commonsense, targeted gun regulations. And what has happened? Nothing. The children from Columbine came here and they begged for help, as did the children in these letters, and what happens? Nothing. I talk to Members of the Senate and I ask, ``Why is nothing happening?'' They tell me that the Gun Owners of America are really resolved that they don't want any legislation.  We say the time has come to recognize that the majority of our people have certain basic rights--that our children have the right to go to school without fear, that our children have the right to sleep without hearing gunshots, that you have the right to walk down the street and not fear getting killed by a drive-by shooter.  In Los Angeles, in the last 16 years, over 7,000 people have been killed by drive-by shooters. That is what the plethora, the abundance, the avalanche of guns in this country is doing to the real world outside of this beltway.  I say to those who yield to this special, unrelenting interest that says, ``You either vote our way or we will defeat you at the polls,'' that the American people have had enough, and the time has come to pass some targeted, commonsense regulations.  The resolution of my colleague from California is a beginning. It at least puts us on record. Hopefully, if it should pass, it will send a message to the Judiciary Conference Committee of both these noble Houses. That message is: Pass the juvenile justice bill, and pass these four targeted measures.  I defy any Member of this House or the other House to tell me that the second amendment of the Constitution of the United States prohibits the regulation of firearms.  Let me add one thing. Today in gun shops all around this great country they are selling .50 caliber weapons, a military weapon, a weapon capable of sending a bullet 4 miles, a weapon capable of producing a shot that can go through a concrete wall. Tell me that we need weapons such as this in a civilized society. Tell me that the second amendment of the Constitution prevents us from regulating firearms. Tell me that these children begging to be safe and to not hear gunshots at night, to not get shot in the car, and not to stand in a living room and have a bullet come through their wall are wrong.  I thank the Senator from California for her good work. I add my support.  I yield the floor.*****- -Name: -Payroll No. -Folios: -Date: -Subformat:  