 President, I just read statistics given to me by the superintendent of public instruction of Chicago which showed a 12- to 14-percent improvement in core curriculum grade scores since Chicago ended the policy of social promotion and put in motion remedial education and decreased class size and also set some standards holding students accountable for performance and teachers accountable for performance as well.  I have a very difficult time with what the Senator from Minnesota is saying because he is essentially calling this a policy, in a sense, of guaranteed retention. It is not that at all. It is a policy that says there should be standards; that there should be achievement levels set in each of the grades; that there should be a minimum pass requirement for promotion; and that schools should mean something in terms of learning.  The problem with the amendment is it obfuscates our amendment. It prevents a clean vote on our amendment, and in effect it would destroy our amendment because it sets up a series of seven conditions which would make it virtually impossible to enact our amendment.  For example, the child was taught by fully certified or qualified teachers as defined by the State. In my State, we probably have 30,000 teachers who are not certificated. This would mean under this provision, California should not go ahead and abolish social promotion, put forward standards of accountability for teachers and for students, which, of course, California is now in the process, by the Governor's statement, by the legislature's action, and by individual school districts, of beginning to do.  Secondly, that the child's parents had multiple opportunities for parental involvement. I don't know what multiple opportunities for parental involvement are, but it is not just opportunities for parental involvement. It is multiple opportunities for parental involvement, which gives a basis, again, to essentially poison what we are trying to achieve.  In addition, that the child has access to high-quality instructional materials and instructional resources to ensure that the child had the opportunity to achieve the highest performance level, regardless of disability, income, and background, that is something we would all subscribe to, but when it is put in this form, it becomes a way of avoiding accountability and avoiding performance.  We do not tell a State or a local jurisdiction how to do this. This is up to them. As I have tried to point out, Los Angeles is now doing it in an incremental fashion, in a grade-by-grade fashion. I suspect that schools throughout this country would implement accountability and standards in a different way. That is fine with me. But what this amendment says is, we are not going to waste taxpayers' money by providing money when there is no evidence it is going to provide the remedial education or the kind of opportunity for students that the framers intended in the first place.  Mr. President, how much time do I have remaining?  