 President, I thank the Senator from Massachusetts. Mr. President, the significance of this debate, in my view, is this: The Norwood-Dingell bill--the Daschle amendment here--is a good bill. It would provide coverage for 161 million Americans, as opposed to the 48 million Americans covered by the Republican Senate bill. The beauty of what is happening here today is that if the Senate were to enact this bill, to pass this bill, we would have health care reform in the United States. The bill would go directly to the President, it would be signed, and the job would be done.  Instead, the concern of many of us is that this is simply not going to happen. And we have a chance to make it happen today. I contend that no one should go out there and say they are for health care reform and not vote for a bill that has the opportunity to become a reality. That bill is the House-passed Norwood-Dingell bill, and we have that chance today.  After the consideration of the bill on the floor last year, I went to California. California has the largest penetration of managed care in the Nation. I called together the CEOs of the big managed care companies and the California Medical Association. We proposed four things to them--four very simple things. One of them was the definition of ``medical necessity.''  The Senator from Tennessee just said: It is important to get the HMOs out of the business of practicing medicine. That is what I tried to do in the debate on the floor when the Senate bill was up--to change the medical necessity provisions to make sure doctors decide what is medically necessary, not insurance companies.  So I thought I would go to them and ask them to voluntarily make changes in how medical necessity is determined, in medically necessary drugs and in two other areas. There was a lot of discussion and several meetings. The bottom line is that they are unwilling to change. The bottom line is that they did not come forward with a plan.  The bottom line is I believe we are going to be in this situation where Americans are dissatisfied with the level of managed care provided to them by their plans until we pass a basic law.  What law could be more basic essentially than Norwood-Dingell? Let's look at what it does.  It assures nearby emergency room treatment for emergencies. That is common sense.  It provides access to specialists for patients needing specialty care.  In my view, that is a no-brainer. If you need it, you should get it.  It provides access to drugs not on the plan's formulary, if medically necessary.  It provides the ability to stay with your physician at least 90 days or until treatment is complete if a doctor terminates his/her contract with your plan and you require specialized care.  It provides coverage of the routine costs of clinical trials.  It provides access to a clear internal and external review process for denial of benefits.  It holds plans accountable in the event of death or injury.  A key issue in this debate and reflected in several parts of the Daschle amendment is who decides: Is it the doctor in consultation with the patient or is it an HMO bureaucrat, a green eyeshade? Under this amendment it is the medical expert who knows the patient and who decides, not the plan. This means that doctors decide which drug works best; doctors decide which treatment is appropriate; doctors decide when specialty care is needed; doctors decide how long someone will stay in the hospital.  For example, this amendment requires health plans that have formularies to cover drugs that are not on a plan's formulary, if the doctor believes the non-formulary drugs are medically necessary. It also requires plans to refer patients with a serious or complex illness to a specialist for care. If a patient's condition requires the use of a specialist that is not available through the health plan, this amendment requires that plans cover services, at no additional cost, through a non-participating specialist. Both provisions are essential for persons living with a life-threatening or chronic illness.  Restoring medical decision-making to those trained to make medical decisions is at the heart of this debate. Doctor after doctor in my state talks about how their decisions are challenged, countermanded, second-guessed, and undermined by HMOs, to the point that they can hardly practice medicine.  Another important provision says that patients can continue treatment with their doctors for at least 90 days if plans have terminated their contract. A plan must continue to cover treatment for pregnancy, life-threatening, degenerative or disabling diseases and diseases that require special medical care over a prolonged period of time with the terminated provider.  The amendment also requires plans to cover the routine costs of clinical trials, costs like blood work, physician charges and hospital fees. Clinical trials are research studies of new strategies for prevention, detection and treatment of diseases for which patients volunteer. These trials often involve analyzing new treatments, like promising new drugs, for diseases such as cancer. This provision is needed because a major deterrent to participation in trials is that insurers refuse to cover the day-to-day costs. For example, in the case of cancer, only 3-4 percent of adult cancer patients (40,000 people out of 1.2 million diagnosed) are enrolled in cancer trials.  Another provision of the amendment would allow patients to go to the closest emergency room during a medical emergency without having to get ahealth plan's permission first. Emergency room staff could stabilize, screen and evaluate patients without fear that plans will refuse to pay the costs.  According to the University of California, Los Angeles, Health Insurance Policy Program: ``Californians are confused about where they should turn for help in resolving their problems and most are not satisfied with the resolution of their problems. There is a need for a clear grievance procedure and independent review of health plan decisions to try to prevent adverse health outcomes to the extent possible.''  The Daschle amendment requires plans to have both an internal and external review for benefit denials. The review must be conducted and completed by a medical professional within 14 days or 72 hours in the case of an emergency. For external reviews, the reviewer must have medial expertise and a determination must be made within 21 days after receiving the request for a review. In the case of an emergency, that decision must be made within 72 hours.  Senator Daschle's amendment would also allow patients to sue health insurance plans in state courts for denials or delays in coverage if the internal and external review process has been exhausted first, unless injury or death has occurred before the completion of the process. Plans complying with an external review decision would not be subject to punitive damages. Additionally, employers who were not involved in a claim decision would be exempt from such legal action. This provision helps patients keep their health plan accountable for the decisions made about their health.  Another key issue before us is who is covered. Under this bill, all 161 million insured Americans would be protected. This is a vast improvement over the Senate bill which only covers 48 million Americans. How can we say one group deserves protections and another does not?  The words of this Californian provide an accurate and poignant summary of the problem. Kit Costello, president of the California Nurses Association, said:       Most Americans see a confusing, expensive, unreliable and      often impersonal assembly of medical professionals and      institutions. If they see any system at all, it is one      devoted to maximizing profits by blocking access, reducing      quality and limiting spending . . . all at the expense of the      patient. . . . Who's in charge of my care? The average      American believes that health insurance companies have too      much influence and exert too much control over their own      personal care--more than their doctor, hospital, the      government or they themselves, sometimes more than all of      them combined.  Mr. President, people should not have to fight for their health care. They pay for it out of their monthly paycheck. It should be there for them when they need it.  Last fall, after the Senate completed consideration of the HMO bill, I convened a group of HMO officials and health care providers in an effort to address some of the complaints we were hearing from patients and doctors in California. They met several times early this year.  I asked them to try to reach agreement on at least four issues.  One, medical necessity: Include clear language in contracts between plans and providers on medical necessity. I suggested the language like that that I proposed in the Senate which defined ``medically necessary or appropriate'' as ``a service or benefit which is consistent with generally accepted principles of professional medical practice.''  Two, payment of claims: Because at the time, 50 percent of physicians and 75 percent of California medical groups were reporting serious delays in payments by plans, I asked them to agree on a system for promptly notifying doctors when patients' leave plans and an assurance of prompt payment of claims.  Three, low premium rates: According to a 1999 Price Waterhouse Study, California has one of the lowest average per member premium rates per month in the country ($120 monthly) in the commercial managed care marketplace. Of this, doctors receive around $35 for actual patient care. Payments in California are 40% less than those in the rest of the country. Over 75% of medical groups are in serious financial trouble in my state.  I suggested that they develop payment rates to providers that are sufficient to cover the benefits provided in an enrollee's contract, rates that thus are actuarially sound.  Four, formularies: Finally, physicians were telling me that it is difficult to find out which drugs are and are not on plans' formularies and that it was difficult to get exceptions from formularies for patients when drugs not on the formulary were medically necessary and more effective than those on the formulary.  I had hoped they could work out better methods for letting doctors know which drugs are on the plans' formularies and to agree on a uniform method for allowing exceptions to formularies when nonformulary drugs are medically necessary.  There were several meetings in January and February. It is now June. Even though there were several constructive discussions, little resolution was reached.  And so, without voluntary action by the industry, legislation is all the more necessary.  I hope the Senate passes this amendment today and sends it to the President for signature.  