 President, last May, in the wake of the Columbine massacre, this Senate took action, passing a comprehensive juvenile justice bill that would begin the long process of addressing the problems that plague the youth in this country.  Parts of the bill addressed our crisis of violence.  These provisions included: A comprehensive package of measures I authored with Senator Hatch to fight criminal gangs; increased penalties for adults who recruit children into criminal activity or provide them with firearms; the James Guelff Body Armor Act, an amendment I authored, which contains reforms to take body armor out of the hands of criminals and put it into the hands of police; and other provisions related to juvenile confinement, juvenile record-keeping, and countless other important issues.  Parts of the bill addressed our crisis of guns: a ban on juvenile possession of assault weapons and high capacity ammunition magazines; a provision to close the gun show loophole; a requirement that safety locks be included with every handgun sold in America; and my provision to ban the importation of large capacity ammunition magazines.  But the crisis in leadership remains.  Despite passage by both Houses of Congress almost one year ago, the conference committee on this bill has met only once--in early August of last year. No real issues have been discussed. No progress has been made. The bills sit in legislative purgatory, apparently never to see the light of day again.  It now seems clear that these bills will die a quiet death at the end of this short session. As a result, all of the important issues we debated will remain un-addressed. Gang violence, juvenile detention, firearm regulation reform, and a host of other problems will remain unsolved.  And nobody within the walls of this Chamber or elsewhere has any doubt why this stalemate persists. This bill would have passed months ago were it not for those four, simple, targeted gun measures buried within the text of the bill.  This, Mr. President, demonstrates just how deeply this Congress is dominated by just one special interest group--these people who fervently resist any regulations on firearms, no matter how mild, no matter how targeted, and no matter how much the American people want it.  Some argue that we don't need more gun control laws--enforcing our current laws would be enough. But those arguments miss the point entirely.  Of course we should be enforcing our current laws. And we are. The evidence clearly shows that gun prosecutions are up. In fact; since 1992, the total number of federal and state prosecutions has increased sharply--about 25 percent more criminals are sent to prison for state and federal weapons offenses now than in 1992 (from 20,681 to 25,186).  The number of higher-level federal firearms offenders sent to prison (those sentenced to five or more years) has gone up more than 34 percent (from 1049 to 1406) in six years.  The number of inmates in federal prisons on firearm or arson charges (the two are counted together) increased 51 percent from 1993 to 1998, to 8,979.  And we are working to improve this situation.  Just last week, my colleague Senator Kohl and I introduced legislation that would expand Project Exile to 50 cities and provide law enforcement with ballistics technology that will make it far easier to identify and to punish the perpetrators of gun violence.  Early last year, I wrote the Secretary of the Treasury several times to demand greater attention to those who violate the Brady Law. I asked why so few violators had been prosecuted, and I was told that the resources just aren't there.  That is why I support the President's request to fund at least 500 additional ATF agents and 1,000 new prosecutors to focus on guns.  But enforcing our current laws has been made tougher by the concerted efforts of the NRA to disparage and to destroy the very people tasked with enforcing those laws. The NRA called AFT agents ``jack-booted thugs,'' in a letter that was completely contradictory to what they are saying they want now.  In fact, every time the opportunity arises to increase federal law enforcement capabilities by increasing ATF investigatory ability, the NRA fights it tooth and nail:  The NRA fought the Brady bill for 10 years.  They successfully defeated all attempts to allow the Consumer Products Safety Commission to regulate the safety of firearms.  In 1986, the NRA got legislation passed which restricts ATF inspection of gun dealers to once per year. Even dealers who are the source for hundreds of crime guns cannot be routinely inspected more than once a year without a special court warrant.  For years, the NRA has successfully blocked ATF computerization of gun sale records from gun dealers that have gone out of business. As a result, when a gun is traced as part of a criminal investigation, the files must often be retrieved manually from warehouses where the old records are kept. This can add days or even weeks to the time it takes to start tracking down the perpetrators of gun violence. By the time the records are found, the trail may already be cold.  And most importantly, the NRA fights against funding our law enforcement agencies at levels adequate to enforce our current laws. As former New York City Police Commissioner William Bratton has said, ``The NRA has strenuously opposed increased financing for the [ATF] and has successfully lobbied against giving it the authority to quickly investigate the origins of guns sales.''  The ATF has been left underfunded, understaffed, and unable to adequately enforce our current gun laws.  And the simple fact is that our current laws--even if fully enforced--are just not enough. Those laws are riddled with NRA-induced loopholes. Guns are still too easy to get. And too many children die every day for us to ignore the problem. The Columbine incident shocked this nation and this Congress to its core--as did the school shootings in Jonesboro, Arkansas; West Paducah, Kentucky; Pearl, Mississippi; Springfield, Oregon; and Edinboro, Pennsylvania. And in my own state of California, we saw a hateful bigot kill apostal worker and then wound five others at the North Valley Jewish Community Center in Granada Hills.  Those incidents were tragic. But countless incidents go relatively unreported, but with equally tragic results. Every day in this country, another dozen children die of gunshot wounds.  A new study published in the April issue of the American Journal of Public Health found that over a third of American children live in a home where there is also a gun--in 43% of those homes, the firearm is stored unlocked.  Who knows how may lives could be saved if trigger locks were made available to gun owners?  The pictures of those young children in Granada Hills being led away from the scene of the tragedy were not only heart-wrenching but also clearly depicted the trickle-down of gun crimes in this country. The victims of gun violence get younger, and younger.  We must close the gun law loopholes for those children.  We must pass the juvenile justice bill so that we can at least begin the process of solving some of these problems.  We must pass this bill for the fifth grader from San Francisco who wrote me that ``One day I saw a neighbor of mine get shot on her way to the candy house. She got shot 4 times. She got shot 3 times in her side and once in her leg. Now she's paralyzed for life. That really hurt me and a lot of other people. She was only 12 years old and she was a nice little girl.''  We should pass this bill for the other fifth grader who told me ``every year I hear at least 20 gunshots. I am scared at night because I think it's going to be a drive-by. I even sometimes can't go outside to recess because gunshots are heard.''  We must pass this bill for the little girl who wrote me that ``I do not like to be locked in my room just because my mom feels I can't be safe in my own neighborhood and I think everybody deserves to live just like human beings.''  We must pass this bill so that the next six year old child who decides to seek revenge on a classmate is not able to find a gun so easily.  And so that the next kindergartner who gets a timeout from the teacher and tries to bring his grandfather's gun to school the next day to get revenge is likewise left without a weapon.  I say, enough is enough. The least this Congress can do is turn to the juvenile justice bill and move forward with the Senate-passed gun provisions. These provisions are no-brainers. And there is no excuse for inaction.  Before I conclude, I want to talk briefly about the problem of gang violence in this country. This is a problem that I have taken seriously for many years--every since my days on the San Francisco County Board of Supervisors and as Mayor for 9 years when I worked to create the city's first anti-gang task force after the infamous gang massacre at the Golden Dragon Restaurant in 1977. In those shooting, gang members killed five people, including two tourists, and injured 11 others.  For the last 4 years in the Senate, I have worked with Senator Hatch to craft national legislation giving law enforcement the tools they need to fight gang crime and gang violence.  Criminal youth gangs have become a national problem, extending their virulent reach and bringing with them murder, drive-by shootings, drug sales, intimidation, and destruction of theft of property.  Gangs plague more than 4,700 cities in all 50 states.  There are some 25,000 gangs with over 650,000 members, and the problem continues to spread.  In Los Angeles, for example, there are currently 408 gangs with more than 64,000 members. This is 15,000 more members than 10 years ago.  That means that there are currently more gang members in L.A. alone than there are people in most of America's cities and towns. For instance, the number of gang members in L.A. is almost double the population of the largest city in Vermont.  And these gang members do not stay in California. The state ``exports'' more gang members than any other state.  For instance, two of the largest gangs, the Bloods and Crips--with more than 60,000 members--are based in Southern California, but operate in more than 119 cities in the West and Midwest. In fact, one recent survey found gangs claiming affiliation with the Bloods and/or Crips in 180 cities in 42 states. (Department of Justice)  The mere existence of gangs is a terrible social problem. Gang members are far more likely to commit crimes than non-gang youths, even those who may have grown up under similar circumstances.  This is especially true for homicides; drive-by shootings; using, selling, and stealing drugs; auto theft; carrying concealed weapons in school; and intimidating or assaulting victims and witnesses.  In fact, the Los Angeles Police Department has told me that almost half of violent crime in the city is committed by gang members.  And the problem is just as acute in other cities, big and small. Just a few months ago in my home city of San Francisco, for example, an innocent bystander was caught in the crossfire between two warring gangs in the Mission District. He was shot through both legs and may be crippled for life. A brave witness assisted police in apprehending the perpetrators. But gang members later cornered the witness, held a automatic gun to his head and threatened to blow his head off if he continued to help the police.  Also, recently in San Francisco, gang members stuck an assault weapon in the face of a victim in an attempted robbery. When the victim resisted, he was shot 17 times. The victim survived but will never walk again.  Let me give some specifics about gang-sponsored violent crime.  Killings: Around the country, every year, gang members kill over 3,000 people. Last year in Los Angeles alone, there were 136 gang-related killings.  Drugs: A survey of law enforcement agencies suggests that about 75% of gang members are involved in illegal drug sales; that about one-third of gangs are organized specifically for the purpose of trafficking in drugs; and that gangs make over 30% of crack cocaine and marijuana sales. (Department of Justice)  Guns: Ninety percent of gang members report that their fellow gang members carry concealed weapons and 80% report that those members had taken guns to school. Worse, the study showed that gang members favor powerful, lethal weapons over smaller caliber handguns. (Ohio State University study).  The Senate-passed juvenile justice bill includes a number of key measures to address this complex problem. The bill:  Provides $100 million annually in federal aid for certain intense gang activity areas, so those communities can afford to create joint task forces with federal and local law enforcement and to support community gang prevention efforts;  Increases sentences for interstate drug gang activity;  Makes it a Federal offense to recruit youngsters into a gang;  Enables Federal law enforcement to prosecute gangs who cross state lines to commit gang crimes such as drive-by shootings; and  Increases penalties for transferring handguns to minors.  Since we passed the juvenile justice bill last May, an estimated 30,000 people have died from gunshot wounds, including 3,700 children.  If history is any judge, millions of large capacity ammunition feeding devices have been approved for import--in the year preceding the juvenile justice bill, more than 11 million of those clips were approved.  All of the commonsense gun, gang, and other provisions in the juvenile justice bill are now at risk of disappearing without a trace, and I urge the majority to proceed with the conference and come to a compromise.  The compromise should preserve intact the Senate-passed gun control legislation, which represents the bare minimum we should do this year to stem the gun violence that is increasingly common on our streets and in our schools.  I also urge this body to pass the President's gun enforcement initiative. That initiative, which will fund more than 500 new ATF agents and 1,000 new prosecutors, is vital to the enforcement of our current gun laws.  The crisis of leadership has come to a head. It is time for this Congress to take serious and bipartisan steps to stem the tide of youth and gun violence that continues to plague this nation.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  