 The Senator and I worked extensively with both Laurence Tribe, a professor of constitutional law at Harvard University, and Paul Cassell, a professor of law at the University of Utah College of Law. Both are very skilled and knowledgeable in this area. I happened to find an article that they wrote together in a newspaper. I thought it might be interesting to hear their view. I would like to read it to you and ask for your response:       We take it to be common ground that the Constitution should      never be amended merely to achieve short-term, partisan, or      purely policy objectives. Apart from a needed change in      governmental structure, an amendment is appropriate only when      the goal involves a basic human right that by consensus      deserves permanent respect, is not and cannot adequately be      protected through State or Federal legislation--  I think we have shown why that can't happen--     would not distort basic principles of the separation of      powers among the Federal branches or the division of powers      between the national and state governments or the balance of      powers between government and private citizens with respect      to their basic rights.       The proposed Victims Rights Amendment meets these demanding      criteria. It would protect basic rights of crime victims,      including their rights to be notified of and present at all      proceedings in their case and to be heard at appropriate      stages in the process. These are rights not to be victimized      again through the process by which government officials      prosecute, punish and release accused or convicted offenders.  Then it goes on to say:       These are the very kinds of rights with which our      Constitution is typically and particularly concerned--rights      of individuals to participate in all those government      processes that strongly affect their lives. ``Participation      in all forms of government is the essence of democracy,''      President Clinton concluded in endorsing the amendment.  Now, what we come down to, essentially, is how do you express these things in a way that gives victims these certain basic rights? I think we have tried to do that. We put it up on a schedule here of crime victims' rights. I wish to quickly go over this. The rights of the accused are on the left. The rights we would afford victims are on the right. In a sense, we achieve a kind of balance. Now, the question comes when and if these rights come into conflict. The fact is, I think we both believe it will be rare that these rights come into conflict. As was said, with an emotional victim, there is in the law already the opportunity for a judge to handle this situation.  I have had a very hard time, because the Senator and I have had a number of critics on this; we have had a number of newspapers that have editorialized and said that what we are trying is trivial, not important. But let me tell you something. If you are a rape victim and you have reason to believe that individual may come back after you, it is not unimportant that you have notice when that individual is released from prison or from jail. It is not unimportant at all. I indicated earlier a case of an individual who has had to change her name and live in fear and anonymity because of this. The Constitution should protect that victim, and that is what we try to do. So I have had a very hard time seeing instances where there is actual conflict.  My question of the Senator is, Can the Senator expand on this more and indicate where there is conflict? People have said, ``You diminish the rights of the accused.'' I don't see us diminishing the rights of the accused. Their rights are very specific. We don't touch on these. There is the right to counsel, the right to due process, the right to a speedy trial. We want that, as well, because we know that the speed of the trial is an important deterrent to violence. We know that if a trial is not speedy, evidence grows cold, witnesses disappear. It is much more difficult to make a case if there is a long hiatus between arrest and trial. In fact, Federal law recognizes that by moving trials along in an expeditious way.  Double jeopardy. We certainly don't interfere with that. We certainly don't interfere with the prohibition against self-incrimination or against unreasonable search and seizure, probable cause, a jury of peers, the right to be informed, the right to confront witnesses, to subpoena witnesses, a prohibition against excessive bail, the right to a grand jury. There are a few other rights written into the Constitution. But our rights are so basic for a victim, such as the right to have notice when a trial takes place, the right to be present in the courtroom, the right to make a statement at an appropriateplace in the trial, the right to have notice if your assailant is released. These are certain basic, core rights that in no way, shape, or form, it seems to me, interfere with the constitutional rights granted to a defendant or to an accused to protect them from excessive government under the Constitution of the United States.  So I have been very perplexed as to why we see bubbling out there this argument that we are setting up some collision of rights. We are simply trying to provide a victim with certain basic rights that are spelled out and are specific.  Would the Senator care to elaborate on that?  