 President, it is a pleasure for me to join the Senator from Washington in this debate. I have just listened to the comments of the distinguished Senator from Missouri. I must say I profoundly differ with them. But let's for a moment say the Senator is correct. Then what is the fear of doing a study to take a look at the safety implications of SUVs and light trucks in single and multicar accidents? If the other side is so sure they are correct, they have nothing to worry about from a study being done. So why the gag order that prevents the Government from looking at this?  I submit to you, Mr. President, in direct debate with the Senator, that as fuel economy standards have gone up, fatality rates per million miles traveled have actually decreased. That decrease is rather large. I wish I had a big chart, but you can kind of see it here. These are the fuel economy on-road miles per gallon going up, and here are the fatality rates to the year 2000 actually going down.  Second, Ford Motor Company, by 2003, will have on the market a hybrid SUV which will get 40 miles per gallon. And Ford says that its 2003 version of its Escape sports utility vehicle will get twice that of other small SUVs, four times that of big ones. This comes from technology, from a hybrid powerplant, a small gasoline engine coupled to an electric motor. This SUV will get 40 miles to the gallon. Let me read a statement by the National Highway Traffic Safety Board:       Collisions between cars and light trucks account for more      than one half of all fatalities in crashes between light duty      vehicles. More than 60 percent of all fatalities in light      vehicle side impacts occur when the striking vehicle is a      light truck. SUVs are nearly three times as likely to kill      drivers of other vehicles during collisions than are cars.  According to a study by the National Crash Analysis Center, an organization funded by both the Government and the auto industry:       Occupants of a SUV are just as likely as occupants of a car      to die, once the vehicle is involved in an accident.  The explanation, of course, is that SUVs have high rollover rates; 62 percent of SUV deaths are in rollover accidents, but only 22 percent of car deaths are in rollover accidents. So you cannot say that the SUV/light truck is a safe vehicle, even as a heavier vehicle. The statistics do not support it.  Let me also say that Ford Motor Company itself, which depends on SUVs for much of its profit, has acknowledged that they cause serious safety and environmental problems. Let me quote from the New York Times:       In its first corporate citizenship report issued at the      company's annual shareholders' meeting here, Ford said that      the vehicles contributed more than cars to global warming,      emitted more smog-causing pollution, and endangered other      motorists. The auto maker said that it would keep building      them because they provide needed profit, but would seek      technological solutions to the problems and look for      alternatives to big vehicles.  So here is a major American manufacturer admitting that SUVs are not safer.  Let me finally, on this point, quote a GAO report:       The unprecedented increase in the proportion of light cars      on the road that occurred between 1976 and 1978, and 1986 and      1988, did not have the dire consequences for safety that      would be expected if fatality rates were simply a function of      car weight. Not only did the total fatality rate decrease,      but the fatality rate for small cars, those at the greatest      risk, if it is assumed that heavier cars     are inherently safer than lighter cars, also declined      sharply.  So why be afraid of the study? If those who say safety is a problem are so sure, let's take a good look at it. Let's have unbiased sources take a look at it.  The reason I feel so strongly is because I do believe that global warming is a real and vital phenomenon; that it is taking place all across the land, and that the largest single thing we can do to reduce global warming is to reduce the emission of carbon dioxide.  By putting the same fuel efficiency standards on SUVs and light trucks as are on sedans, we essentially remove 240 million tons of carbon dioxide each year from the atmosphere.  This year's House Transportation appropriations bill once again contains the provision which prevents this issue from even being considered. This is the seventh consecutive year this gag order has appeared. Why are they so afraid of a study?  If you add to what the Senator from Washington said--and I think he is absolutely correct--that we are witnessing a new phenomenon this year in increasing gasoline prices which have exacerbated our Nation's dependence on OPEC and foreign oil, this policy does not make sense from another viewpoint. It costs the consumer more. Frankly, I am surprised there is this resistance. Since last year's debate, gasoline prices reached $2 per gallon in many parts of my State, and they are approaching $2.50 through much of the Midwest. This should harden our resolve to take a look at the situation.  Today, the United States, with only 4 percent of the world's population, consumes 25 percent of the world's energy. Our CO2 emissions from vehicles alone exceed the total CO2 emissions of carbon dioxide from all but three other countries in the world today.  My State of California is the third largest consumer of gasoline in the world, behind only the United States and Japan and ahead of virtually every other country. So California has a huge stake in this. We use more gasoline than China, Germany, and Russia. The situation is made worse by this loophole. SUVs and light trucks, which are as much passenger vehicles as station wagons and sedans, are only required today to have 20.7 miles per gallon per fleet versus 27.5 miles per gallon for automobiles.  I am an SUV owner. I own three Jeeps. I love my Jeeps, but I do not see why they should not be just as fuel efficient as the sedan we also drive. At today's prices, light truck and SUV owners are spending an additional $25 billion a year at the pump because of this loophole. If SUVs simply achieve the same fuel economy standards as automobiles, consumers would save hundreds of dollars a year and thousands of dollars over the life of a vehicle.  As this chart shows, the typical SUV burns about 861 gallons of fuel each year. The average gasoline price, if it is at $1.50 cents a gallon, costs consumers $1,290 a year. At $2, the cost increases to more than $1,700.  If we simply close this SUV loophole and require these vehicles to meet the same standards as automobiles, SUVs would burn 213 fewer gallons of gasoline a year. That is a savings of 1 million barrels of oil a year, and it is a savings of 240 million tons of carbon dioxide going into the air. It is also a savings for the consumer of $318 each year. At $2, the savings is $420 a year. The real clincher is the pollution argument, and that is, the savings of 240 million tons of CO2 from going into the air and creating a greenhouse effect that warms the Earth.  We also know that raising CAFE standards is the quickest and most single effective step we can take in this direction. I happen to believe global warming is real. I took a day and went to the Scripts Institute of Oceanography in San Diego and had a briefing. What I heard there doubly convinced me it is a real phenomenon.  The weather is getting hotter, and the ten hottest years on record have all occurred since 1986; 1980 to 1999 was the hottest 20-year period ever recorded, and 1998 was the hottest year in recorded history. Yesterday the temperature in San Francisco, a usually very cold city, was 104 degrees.  The Earth's average temperature has risen 1.3 degrees in the last 100 years, and computer models predict an increase of 2 to 6 degrees over the next century. Because of our temperate climate, the increase in the United States will be on the high end of that figure; meaning we will gain about 6 degrees in temperature over the next century.  What does that mean? That means warmer weather in my State will make water even more scarce. It means it will destroy certain agricultural crops. It means it will lead to more frequent and intense Sierra forest fires and serious flooding at certain times of the year.  In normal winters, our water gets stored in snowpacks until the spring when it is needed for drinking and farming, but warmer winters would cause significant amounts of winter precipitation to change from snow to rain, becoming runoff or, worse, floods into low-lying flood-prone areas, such as Sacramento. Drought conditions will worsen in the southern and central valley parts of my State, destroying water-dependent crops, such as rice, cotton, and alfalfa.  According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, sea levels could rise 2 feet over the next century, further flooding low-lying areas, and greatly increasing the penetration of salt water into the California delta, the source of drinking water for 22 million people.  That is why I am concerned. It is a legitimate reason to be concerned and it is doubly legitimate if you know something that is doable and can be done with no adverse impact, is, in fact, being done by some manufacturers and foreign manufacturers, and this Congress will not even take a look at what effect it would have on pollution, what effect it would have on safety. It is an ostrich syndrome par excellence.  Mr. President, 117 million Americans live in areas where smog makes the air unsafe to breathe. Asthma of children is on the uptake, and roughly half of this air pollution is caused by cars and trucks.  If we increase fuel efficiency, we consume less gasoline. This decreases smog and air pollutants. Given all these facts, I cannot figure out why anyone would not want to at least study whether CAFE standards should be updated. For 7 years there has been a gag order: Do not even take a look; both sides are certain. Senators Gorton, Bryan, and myself on one side; Senators Abraham, Levin, and Ashcroft on another. Let's settle it. Let's take a look. Let's have an independent study. Let's see who is right. It does not bother me to do that. I do not understand why it bothers anyone else.  Half of all new vehicles sold in this country are SUVs and light duty trucks, and this is what makes this so compelling. This becomes then a stranglehold on energy efficiency, and it has produced an American fleet with the worst fuel efficiency since 1980. We are going backwards because of it. We are polluting the air more because of it. We are contributing to global warming more because of it.  The United States saves 3 million barrels of oil each day because of the current fuel efficiency standards. Closing the SUV loophole adds 1 million additional barrels. That is a total savings of 4 million barrels of oil each day.  Last year, opponents of our amendment argued that boosting CAFE standards would lead to increased traffic fatalities, layoffs, and higher sticker prices. If our opponents again are so sure of their arguments, what is the harm of allowing the Department of Transportation to study the costs and benefits of higher CAFE standards?  Last year, I listened to some of my colleagues cite their concerns again about traffic safety. Based on what we heard today, I believe it is naive to think that bigger cars are simply safer.  I was going to buy a bigger car not too long ago. I watched the crash tests. I saw this expensive, heavy sedan crumple up like an accordion. I decided not to buy it; it was not safer.  The New York Times recently reported on tests conducted by the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration to demonstrate the propensity of SUVs to roll over. Here is a particularly poignant quote from the article:       Because it is taller, heavier and more rigid than a car, an      SUV or pickup is more than twice as likely to kill the driver      of the other vehicle in a collision. Yet partly because these      so-called light trucks roll over so often, their occupants      have roughly the same chance of dying in a crash.  So not only is an SUV driver more apt to kill someone else, but that same driver is not any safer. I think this should be disturbing to anyone who gets into any moving vehicle.  With regard to job losses in the domestic auto industry, opponents of our amendment fail to offer any empirical evidence. A recent study by the nonpartisan American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy concludes that the consumer savings at the pump would actually translate to a net increase of 244,000 jobs nationwide, with 47,000 of these new jobs occurring in the auto industry. Let me repeat: The projections are, it will not mean a loss of jobs; it will mean a gain of jobs. And that gain of jobs has translated into a net increase of 244,000 jobs nationwide and 47,000 in the auto industry.  I remember when automakers told us they could not make cars safer; they could not meet the original CAFE standards; they could not add seatbelts or catalytic converters; But they did. They said regulations and mandates would drive them out of business, but they did not.  These same arguments have been recycled for decades.  In 1974, a representative for Ford Motor Company testified in front of Congress that the implementation of CAFE standards would lead to a fleet of nothing but sub-Pinto-sized automobiles. Of course, that did not happen. Our Nation's fleet of vehicles are as diverse as ever and probably more diverse. The largest sedans and station wagons today get far better fuel economy than the 1974 Pinto. It is really a tribute both to the industry and to that industry's ingenuity. It is also a tribute to the CAFE or fuel efficiency program.  One of the reasons that, for a while, the American automobile manufacturers lost their cutting edge in the 1970s was their reluctance to do the research and development necessary to build innovative new vehicles. But I am very proud to say that today's car companies are far more efficient and innovative and have the technology to increase the fuel economy of light duty trucks and SUVs to much higher levels than achieved by today's automobiles.  I am disappointed that the automotive companies continue lobbying for this gag order. To me, it is like pushing things back into the 1970s, where the Japanese made all the advances, and the American industry refused to change its models, to move with the times, to put in the research and development that is necessary to build a better automobile. I thought those days were behind us.  What do we have to lose by allowing the Department of Transportation to simply do their job and determine whether it makes sense to increase CAFE standards?  Let me just touch on a couple of the safety fallacies.  Again, in fact, vehicle fatality rates have been cut in half since CAFE standards were introduced. I pointed that out in the beginning. Only by stretches of fallacious logic do opponents contrive higher death rates to the CAFE standards.  Let me give you some of these fallacies:  First, the CAFE standards imply smaller vehicles.  The answer: Higher CAFE is achieved by technology improvement, not by downsizing.  Secondly, that lighter vehicles imply higher fatalities.  The answer: Crashworthiness is determined not by size or weight but by design. Today's compacts are safer than large cars of 20 years ago.  And finally, unbalanced risk assessment.  The answer: Studies based on harm to small-car occupants neglect the risks that larger vehicles impose or inflict on others.  So I am hopeful that because of the increase in fuel prices, because of the added cost to the consumer by the gag order, by the fact that every consumer, if this were to come to pass, would save $318, with an average cost of $1.50, and $504 with a higher cost a year, we can clearly make a showing that a study is necessary at this time.  I thank the Chair and also the Senator from Washington.  I yield the floor.  