 President, last month the Senate and House approved the conference report to the fiscal year 2001 intelligence authorization bill. Title VIII of the conference report is based on legislation I introduced along with Senators Wellstone, Grams, Boxer, Levin, and Hatch that would create an interagency process to declassify records on activities of the Japanese Imperial Government. Specifically, title VIII is based on the Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act, a law written by my friend and colleague from Ohio, Senator DeWine, and our House colleague from new York, Representative Carolyn Maloney. This law requires the federal government to search through its records and disclose any classified materials it has on Nazi war crimes, the Nazi Holocaust and the looting of assets and property by the Nazis. Leading what has become the largest declassification of U.S. government records in American history is the Nazi War Criminal Records Interagency Working Group, or IWG, which consists of representatives of key government departments and agencies and three public members appointed by the President. The work done by the IWG and a team of historians and experts at the National Archives has been nothing less than extraordinary. However, the law only gives the IWG just until the end of next year to complete this enormous task. After discussing this with the Senator from Ohio, we agreed that the best course of action was to extend the authorization of the existing IWG until the end of 2003, and give it additional authority to oversee the declassification of Japanese Imperial Government records. In that way, the IWG will be able to undertake an effort to search through U.S. Government records and disclose any classified materials it has on the Japanese Imperial Government similar to the declassification effort underway on Nazi war crimes. In addition, we also thought it was important to ensure that the IWG had a funding authorization to carry out its activities, including the preservation of records that are being declassified. I see the Senator from Ohio on the floor, and I ask if he has anything he wishes to add at this point.  Mr. DeWINE. I thank the Senator from California for her comments. She is correct. The Nazi War Criminal Records IWG has done an outstanding job. It only made sense, given the work the IWG already has done, to explicitly expand its current requirements to cover activities of the Japanese Imperial Government. Mr. President, I see the distinguished chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence on the floor, and would like to ask the chairman if the provisions of title VIII apply only to the work done by the IWG with respect to the declassification of records exclusively relating to the Japanese Imperial Government?  