 President, I thank the ranking member and the distinguished Senator from Arizona. I am delighted the distinguished Senator from West Virginia is here. I will try to be as brief as I can. However, when I left the Democratic caucus at lunch yesterday, I felt, I might say, very lonely; that this, in a sense, was an insurmountable quest. As I went back to my office and as I considered what had been said in the caucus and what had been said on the floor of the Senate, I felt so strongly how worthwhile this fight is and how many people will be touched and protected if, one day, we do succeed.  Then I realized we were not alone. Later today, I will be submitting a raft of letters from a panoply of victims' rights organizations as well as law enforcement organizations that are in support of this measure. A few of them are up here on the board today: Mothers Against Drunk Driving, National Victims' Constitutional Amendment Network, National Organization for Victims Assistance, Parents of Murdered Children; Colorado Organization for Victim Assistance; Stephanie Roper Foundation; Mothers Against Violence in America--and on and on and on.  Also, a group of 37 State attorneys general, the former U.S. Attorneys General, William Barr, Dick Thornburgh, Ed Meese; the Alabama Attorney General, and on and on and on; the Law Enforcement Alliance of America, the American Correctional Association, American Probation and Parole Association, Concerns of Police Survivors, the National Troopers' Coalition, the International Union of Police Associations, Los Angeles County Police Chiefs' Association, and on and on and on. Members can look at this. I will submit later individual letters.  However, I thought it might be useful to answer some of the questions that were asked on the floor yesterday. One of them was that we should not be doing this lightly; this is too precipitous; it comes too fast; Members have not had enough of an opportunity to study it. In fact, Senator Kyl and I have been working on this for 4 years. We have had four hearings in the Judiciary Committee. We have heard from 34 witnesses. We have taken 802 pages of testimony. The House has had 32 witnesses and has 575 pages of testimony. So this is not a lonely quest in the sense that it has lasted for a short period of time, but it is a quest that will go on as well.  Yesterday, both in the Democratic caucus, as well as on the floor, one distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee, a Senator whom I greatly respect, made this statement. Hopefully he will be listening because I want to provide the answer. The statement is:       I have not received an answer, a good answer, from my      colleague from Arizona and my colleague from California as to      why not a statute. You can pass it more quickly and more      easily. It fits the amendment. It fits what you are trying      to do. No court, no Supreme Court, no final authority has      thrown it out.  Let me take the biggest and broadest case and describe to my colleagues why a statute will not work. The reason I use this case is it is a case with which we are all familiar. It is a case in which this Senate has played a role twice in passing, in fact, two statutes. It is a case where the defendants had access to attorneys and could mount a legal challenge. It is the treatment of the Oklahoma City bombing victims.  I am going to read from a letter from a law professor who was one of the attorneys for the Oklahoma City bombing victims. His name is Paul Cassell. He is a professor of law at the University of Utah. He says:       This morning I had the opportunity to listen to the debate      on the floor of the Senate concerning the Crime Victims      Rights Amendment. During that debate, if I understood it      correctly, the suggestion was made that federal statutes had      ``worked'' to protect the rights of the Oklahoma City bombing      victims. As the attorney who represented     a number of victims in that case, I am writing to express my      strong view that this suggestion is simply not correct. To      the contrary, the events of that case show that statutes      failed. To be specific, the statutes failed to assure that      all victims who wanted to were able to attend the trial of      Timothy McVeigh. Indeed, the Department of Justice      prosecutors handling the case advised a number of victims      that they should not attend to avoid creating unresolved      legal questions about their status in the case. A number of      the victims reluctantly accepted that advice. In other words,      they sat outside the courtroom despite the presence of two      federal statutes specifically designed to make sure that they      had an unequivocal right to attend. To add insult to      injuries, the other attorneys and I who represented the      individual victims were never able to speak a word in court      on their behalves. . . .       Some might claim that this treatment of the Oklahoma City      bombing victims should be written off as atypical. However,      there is every reason to believe that the victims here were      far more effective in attempting to vindicate their rights      than victims in less notorious cases. The Oklahoma City      bombing victims were mistreated while the media spotlight has      been on when the nation was watching. The treatment of      victims in forgotten courtrooms and trials is certainly no      better, and in all likelihood much worse. Moreover, the      Oklahoma City bombing victims had six lawyers working to      press their claims in court, including a law professor      familiar with victims rights, four lawyers at a prominent      Washington, DC, law firm and a local counsel. In the normal      case, it often will be impossible for victims to locate a      lawyer willing to pursue complex and unsettled issues about      their rights without compensation. One must remember that      crime most often strikes the poor and others in a weak      position to retain counsel. Finally, litigating claims      concerning exclusion from the courtroom or other victims'      rights promises to be quite difficult. For example, a victim      may not learn that she will be excluded until the day the      trial starts. Filing effective appellate actions in such      circumstances promises to be practically impossible. It      should, therefore, come as little surprise that the Oklahoma      City litigation was the first in which victims sought federal      appellate court review of their rights under the Victims Bill      of Rights, even though that statute was passed in 1990.  What he is saying is that this was the first time victims under a statute passed 6 years earlier actually tried to use the court to enforce their rights.  He continues:       The Oklahoma City bombing victims would never have suffered      these indignities if the Victims Rights Amendment had been      the law of the land. It would have unequivocally protected      their right to attend and their ``standing'' to assert claims      on their behalf to protect that right. In short, the federal      amendment would have worked to protect their rights.  Then he goes on to give a chronology, and I think this is very important because the issue is effectively standing and the fact that they have no standing in the Constitution to have these rights. I think it is important that I point out a chronology of exactly what happened. I want to take the time to do that:       During a pre-trial motion hearing in the Timothy McVeigh      prosecution, the district attorney . . . issued a ruling      precluding any victim who wished to provide victim impact      testimony at sentencing from observing any proceeding in the      case. The court based its ruling on Rule 615 of the Federal      Rules of Evidence the so-called ``rule on witnesses.'' In the      hour that the court then gave to victims to make this      wrenching decision about testifying, some of the victims      opted to watch the proceedings; others decided to leave      Denver to remain eligible to provide impact testimony.       Thirty-five victims and survivors of the bombing then filed      a motion asserting their own standing--  This is important--     then filed a motion asserting their own standing to raise      their rights under federal law and, in the alternative,      seeking leave to file a brief on the issue as amici curiae.      The victims noted that the district court apparently had      overlooked the Victims Bill of Rights, a federal statute      guaranteeing victims the right (among others) ``to be present      at all public court proceedings unless the court determines      that testimony by the victim would be materially affected if      the victim heard other testimony at trial.''  In other words, the court had flexibility to make that determination.  Continuing:       The District Court then held a hearing to reconsider the      issue of excluding victim witnesses. The court first denied      the victims' motion asserting standing to present their own      claims, allowing them only the opportunity to file a brief as      amici curiae. After argument by the Department of Justice and      by the defendants, the court denied the motion for      reconsideration. It concluded that victims present during the      court proceedings would not be able to separate the      ``experience of trial'' from ``the experience of loss from      the conduct in question,'' and, thus, their testimony at a      sentencing hearing would be inadmissible. . . .       The victims then filed a petition for writ of mandamus in      the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit seeking      review of the district court's ruling. Because the procedures      for victims appeals were unclear, the victims filed a      separate set of documents appealing from the ruling.      Similarly, the Department of Justice, uncertain of precisely      how to proceed procedurally, filed both an appeal and a      petition for a writ of mandamus.       Three months later, a panel of the Tenth Circuit rejected--     without oral argument--both the victims' and the United      States' claims on jurisdictional grounds. With respect to the      victims' challenges, the court concluded that the victims      lacked ``standing'' under Article III of the Constitution      because they had no ``legally protected interest'' to be      present at the trial and consequently had suffered no      ``injury in fact'' from their exclusion. The Tenth Circuit      also found the victims had no right to attend the trial under      any First Amendment right of access. Finally, the Tenth      Circuit rejected, on jurisdictional grounds, the appeal      and mandamus petition filed by the United States. Efforts      by both the victims and the Department to obtain a      rehearing were unsuccessful, even with the support of      separate briefs urging rehearing from 49 members of      Congress, all six Attorneys General in the Tenth Circuit,      and some of the leading victims groups in the nation.       In the meantime--  And now it gets even more critical--     the victims, supported by the Oklahoma Attorney General's      Office, sought remedial legislation in Congress clearly      stating that victims should not have to decide between      testifying at sentencing and watching the trial. The Victims'      Rights Clarification Act of 1997 was introduced to provide      that watching a trial does not constitute grounds for denying      the chance to provide an impact statement. The 1997 measure      passed the House by a vote of 414 to 13. The next day, the      Senate passed the measure by unanimous consent. The following      day, President Clinton signed the Act into law, explaining      that ``when someone is a victim, he or she should be at the      center of the criminal justice process, not on the outside      looking in.''       The victims then promptly filed a motion with the district      court asserting a right to attend under the new law. The      victims explained that the new law invalidated the court's      earlier sequestration order and sought a hearing on the      issue. Rather than squarely uphold the new law, however, the      district court entered a new order on victim-impact witness      sequestration. The court concluded ``any motions raising      constitutional questions about this legislation would be      premature and would present issues that are not now ripe for      decision.'' Moreover, the court held that it could address      issues of possible prejudicial impact from attending the      trial by conduct[ing] a voir dire of the witnesses after the      trial. The district court also refused to grant the victims a      hearing on the application of the new law, concluding that      its ruling rendered their request ``moot.''       After that ruling, the Oklahoma City victim impact      witnesses--once again--had to make a painful decision about      what to do. Some of the victim impact witnesses decided not      to observe the trial because of ambiguities and uncertainties      in the court's ruling, raising the possibility of exclusion      of testimony from victims who attended the trial. The      Department of Justice also met with many of the impact      witnesses, advising them of these substantial uncertainties      in the law, and noting that any observation of the trial      would create the possibility of exclusion of impact      testimony. To end this confusion, the victims filed a motion      for clarification of the judge's order. The motion noted that      ``[b]ecause of the uncertainty remaining under the Court's      order, a number of the victims have been forced to give up      their right to observe defendant McVeigh's trial. This      chilling effect has thus rendered the Victims Rights      Clarification Act of 1997 . . . for practical purposes a      nullity.''  So the effort of this Congress to write one statute, and to clarify it with a second statute, was rendered a nullity.       Unfortunately, the effort to obtain clarification did not      succeed, and McVeigh's trial proceeded without further      guidance for the victims.       After McVeigh was convicted, the victims filed a motion to      be heard on issues pertaining to the new law. Nonetheless,      the court refused to allow the victims to be represented      by counsel during argument on the law or during voir dire      about the possible prejudicial impact of viewing the      trial. The court, however, concluded (as the victims had      suggested all along) that no victim was in fact prejudiced      as a result of watching the trial.       This recounting of the details of the Oklahoma City bombing      litigation leaves no doubt that statutory protection of      victims rights did not ``work.'' To the contrary, for a      number of the victims, the rights afforded in the Victims      Rights Clarification Act of 1997 and the earlier Victims Bill      of Rights were not protected. They did not observe the trial      of defendant Timothy McVeigh because of lingering doubts      about the constitutional status of these statutes.       The undeniable, and unfortunate, result of that litigation      has been to establish--as the only reported federal appellate      ruling [to date]--a precedent that will make effective     enforcement of the federal victims rights statutes quite      difficult. It is now the law of the Tenth Circuit that      victims lack ``standing'' to be heard on issues surrounding      the Victims' Bill of Rights and, for good measure, that the      Department of Justice may not take an appeal for the victims      under either of those statutes. For all practical purposes,      the treatment of crime victims' rights in federal court in      Utah, Colorado, Kansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Wyoming has      been remitted to the unreviewable discretion of individual      federal district court judges. The fate of the Oklahoma City      victims does not inspire confidence that all victims rights      will be fully enforced in the future. Even in other circuits,      the Tenth Circuit ruling, while not controlling, may be      treated as having persuasive value. If so, the Victims Bill      of Rights will effectively become a dead letter.  This is the reason we pursue our case with such ardor. We do not believe it is possible, under any statute drafted to cover victims of violent crimes, to provide them with certain basic rights because any Federal statute would only cover 1 to 2 percent of the victims of violent crimes in the United States; and, secondly, because the one noteworthy case, in the sense of public knowledge, in the sense of major representation of victims by attorneys of major quality, resulted in two laws, passed by this Senate and the other House, being rendered a nullity.  That is the reason we pursue our quest here today.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  