 SCHUMER. I will in one second. I want to finish my statement.  First, the kind of definitions that the Senator has talked about of appeals procedures has never been in the U.S. Constitution. In fact, what happened before is there would be a two- or three-line sentence that the rights of victims should be protected, and then we would work out by statute what the details were.  I have never seen a constitutional amendment such as this. It is the 21st century. I agree with that. But that doesn't mean the elegance of thought and language in the Constitution of the 18th century should be thrown out the window, and we are doing that here.  I ask the Senator, why, if she believes in a constitutional amendment with a two- or three-line amendment talking about victims' rights, would she not be far more in keeping with constitutional thought and theory than a 15-page document which clearly is written in statutory and not constitutional language? Second, if the detailed definitional language that the Senator is talking about works, it will work as a statute.  The reason the Oklahoma City case didn't work is the statute was poorly drafted, at least in terms of what the Senator is saying. I will have more to say about that later. I don't want to occupy her time on this, but if the language works as a constitutional amendment, the very language that we have before us admittedly being rephrased or redrafted, why doesn't it work as a statute?  The problem that is pointed to in the Oklahoma City case is not the amendment. If the very same language were a constitutional amendment, God forbid, it still wouldn't have been applied because the judge didn't throw it out on an unconstitutional basis. He basically ignored it, which meant it wasn't clear enough.  No. 1, do we have any amendment in the Constitution that compares in detail and outlines procedurally what we have here?  No. 2, if this language works as a constitutional amendment, why wouldn't it work as a statute?  No. 3, if a constitutional amendment is necessary, although again it has not been thrown out by the Supreme Court, or any lower court, why wouldn't we have a simple, elegant three-line statement talking about the rights of victims, and then let the details of legislative engineering be worked out in statute as it has been done in this country, regardless of whether Democrats, Republicans, Whigs, or Free-Soilers, or anybody else has been in charge?  I thank the Senator for her patience. I feel as passionately on our side as she does on her side.  