 President, I acknowledge the comments made by the chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch and indicate my agreement with them. I also thank the staff people he has duly mentioned, and I want to speak particularly to the funding of the legislative branch.  It is my understanding on our side of the aisle that there is deep concern about the addition of the Treasury-Postal bill on this bill, largely because it contains a measure which would use 25 percent of the non-Social Security surplus. I will leave that to others to discuss.  Senator Bennett and I worked in a bipartisan way on the fiscal year 2001 legislative branch appropriations bill. I believe it is a very good bill. It addresses the critical areas of concern for the legislative branch and is in the best interests of those whom we serve. We worked very hard to ensure that each agency within our legislative branch was treated fairly, and even though we were not able to fully fund every agency's request, we made every effort to distribute the scarce resources as fairly as possible. In some cases, we were able to make modest increases above last year's level.  I particularly note that the $97.1 million which we are providing for the Capitol Police will fund 1,481 full-time equivalents, a level which conferees believe will enable the appropriate staffing at building entrances to ensure the security of our Capitol campus.  Additionally, in order to address some very critical needs, the conference agreement provides to the Capitol Police $2.1 million in fiscal year 2000 emergency supplemental funds for security enhancements, and provides the Architect of the Capitol $9 million in fiscal year 2000 emergency supplemental funds to move forward with a number of urgent building repairs.  This is my second year as ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, working alongside our dedicated and distinguished subcommittee chairman, Senator Bennett. Senator Bennett is always very open and willing to discuss the various issues that arise in relation to this bill. He has been very accommodating to my concerns as well as to the concerns of other Members of the Senate. I know that firsthand. In fact, he never ceases to amaze me with his extensive knowledge of the various departments and agencies under the legislative branch--not only their basic structure and the function of those agencies but their legislative histories as well. It has been a great pleasure for me to work with Senator Bennett on this bill.  I urge the adoption of the conference agreement.  I yield some time, with the approval of Senator Bennett, to Senator Harkin.  