 President, this afternoon Senators will come to the floor to speak about a problem we believe is a very serious one; that is, the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Africa. I know the distinguished Senator from Illinois, Mr. Durbin, will speak, and the Senator from Wisconsin, Mr. Feingold will speak. I believe others will as well.  Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues here this afternoon to address what I consider to be one of the most pressing and important national security and international health issues that we will face in the coming decades: The HIV/AIDS pandemic, which is currently sweeping Africa.  I wish to begin by giving my colleagues a sense of the scope and scale of this problem.  Sub-Saharan Africa has been far more severely affected by AIDS than any other part of the world. Today, 23.3 million adults and children are infected with the HIV virus in Africa, which only has about 10 percent of the world's population, but nearly 70 percent of the worldwide total of infected people.  Worldwide, about 5.6 million new infections will occur this year, with an estimated 3.8 million in sub-Saharan Africa--3.8 million people will contract HIV. Every day, 11,000 additional people are infected--1 every 8 seconds.  All told, over 34 million people in Africa--the population of my State of California--have been infected with HIV since the epidemic began, and an estimated 13.7 million Africans have lost their lives to AIDS, including 2.2 million who died in 1998.  Each day, AIDS buries 5,500 men, women, and children. We saw a very compelling documentary made by the filmmaker Rory Kennedy, which showed the burials of some of these children as well as the enormous cultural problems that exist in Africa because of HIV/AIDS. By 2005, if policies do not change, the daily death toll will not be 5,500, it will be 13,000--double what it is now--with nearly 5 million AIDS deaths that year alone, according to the White House Office of AIDS Policy.  AIDS has surpassed malaria as the leading cause of death in Africa, and it kills many times more people on that continent than war.  The overall rate of infection among adults is about 8 percent, compared with a 1.1-percent infection rate worldwide. In some countries of southern Africa, 20 to 30 percent of the adults are infected.  AIDS has cut life expectancy by 4 years in Nigeria, 18 years in Kenya, and 26 years in Zimbabwe. As these numbers suggest, AIDS is devastating Africa.  AIDS is swelling infant and child mortality rates, reversing the declines that had been occurring in many countries during the 1970s and 1980s. Over 30 percent of all children born to HIV-infected mothers in sub-Saharan Africa will themselves become HIV infected. Let me say again, 30 percent of all of the children born to HIV-infected mothers will become HIV infected.  There are many explanations for why this epidemic is sweeping across sub-Saharan Africa. Certainly the region's poverty, which has deprived much of Africa from effective systems of health information, health education and health care, bears much of the blame. Cultural and behavioral patterns, which have led to sub-Saharan Africa becoming the only region in which women are infected with HIV at a higher rate than men, may also play a role.  HIV/AIDS is becoming a major woman's issue. AIDS has largely impacted the heterosexual community in Africa, and it has established itself in such a way that it sweeps across and wipes out entire villages.  Because of the region's poverty, all too often treatment of AIDS sufferers with medicines that can result in long-term survival has not been widely used in Africa.  But I strongly believe that if the international community is to be successful, we must make every effort to get appropriate medicine into the hands of those in need.  For too many years there were no effective drugs that could be used to combat HIV/AIDS, but now, thanks to recent medical research, we do have effective drugs. For example, some recent pilot projects have had success in reducing mother-to-child transmission by administering the anti-HIV drug AZT, or a less expensive medicine, Nevirapine, during birth and early childhood.  New studies indicate that Nevirapine can reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission by as much as 80 percent. NVP is given just once to the mother during labor, once to the child within 3 days of birth. Taking three or four pills can mean that a child is prevented from being born with HIV. In fact, for $4 a tablet--a little more than the cost of a large latte at Starbuck's, which is not a lot here, but a great deal in Africa--this drug regime has created an unprecedented opportunity for international cooperation in the fight against AIDS. I, frankly, believe it is the single most cost-effective thing that can be done. Currently, however, less than 1 percent of HIV-infected pregnant women have access to interventions to reduce mother-to-child transmission.  Administered in a treatment regimen known as HAART--highly active antiretroviral therapy--antiretroviral drugs can allow people living with AIDS to live a largely normal life and use of the drugs can lead to long-term survival rather than early death. Such treatment is proven highly effective in developed countries, including our very own.  My understanding is that most antiretrovirals are relatively inexpensive to produce. AIDS Treatment News recently reported:       AZT in bulk can be purchased for 42 cents for 300      milligrams from the worldwide suppliers; this price reflects      profits not only to the manufacturer, but also to the      middleman bulk buyer. The same drug retails at my local      pharmacy for $5.82 per pill. This ridiculous price bears no      relation to the cost of production.  Unfortunately--and inexplicably, in my view--access for poor Africans to costly combinations of AIDS medications, or antiretrovirals, is perhaps the most contentious issue surrounding the response to the African epidemic.  As the U.S. Development Program head, Mark Brown, said at the U.N. Security Council meeting on AIDS in Africa last month:       We cannot lapse into a two-tier treatment regime: drugs for      the rich, no hope for the poor. While the emphasis must be on      prevention, we cannot ignore treatment, despite its costs.  I agree with that. Although it is true that the cost of combination therapy is beyond the means of most people living with HIV/AIDS and governments in sub-Saharan Africa--combination therapy in South Africa, incidentally, was estimated at $334 a month, or $4,000 per individual per year, and UNAIDS reports that Brazil treated 75,000 people with antiretrovirals in 1999 at a cost of $300 million--or, again, $4,000 a person.  I believe we have a strong moral obligation to try to save lives when the medications for doing so exist. There are several things the United States can do to increase access to lifesaving drugs.  First, the U.S. should work with others in the international community to provide support to make these drugs affordable and to strengthen African health care systems so that drug therapies can be effectively administered. The plan for combating HIV/AIDS in Africa recently put forward by the President and Vice President goes a long way towards seeing that the U.S. meets its commitment to this goal.  Second, it should be possible for African governments and donor agencies to achieve reductions in the cost of antiretrovirals through negotiated agreements with drug manufacturers. The British pharmaceutical firm Glaxo Wellcome, a major producer of antiretrovirals, has already stated that it is committed to ``differential pricing,'' which would lower the cost of AIDS drugs in Africa.  Third, I strongly believe that the United States must work to advocate ``parallel imports'' of drugs and ``compulsory licensing'' by African governments to lower the price of patented medications so that HIV/AIDS drugs are more affordable, and more people in Africa will be able to have access to them.  Through parallel importing, patented pharmaceuticals could be purchased from the cheapest source, rather than from the manufacturer. Under ``compulsory licensing'' an African government could order a local firm to produce a drug and pay a negotiated royalty to the patent holder.  Both parallel imports and compulsory licensing are permitted under the World Trade Organization agreement for countries facing health emergencies. There can be little doubt that Africa is facing a health emergency of monumental proportions.  That is why I, along with my colleague from Wisconsin, introduced an Amendment to the Africa Growth and Opportunity Act last year to allow the countries of Sub-Saharan Africa to pursue ``compulsory licensing''.  Without ``compulsory licensing'', which would allow access to cheaper generic drugs, more people in Sub-Saharan African will suffer and die.  For those of my colleagues who may be concerned that this Amendment may undermine wider Intellectual Property Rights, this Amendment acknowledges that the World Trade Organization (WTO) Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property (TRIPS) is the presumptive legal standard for intellectual property rights (IPR).  The WTO, however, allows countries flexibility in addressing public health concerns, and the compulsory licensing process under this Amendment is consistent with the WTO's approach to balancing the protection of intellectual property with a moral obligation to meet public health emergencies such as the HIV/AIDS epidemic in Africa.  In other words, this Amendment does not create new policy or a new approach on IPR issues under TRIPS, nor does it require IPR rights to be rolled back or weakened. All it asks is that in approaching HIV/AIDS in Africa, U.S. policy on compulsory licensing remains consistent with what is accepted under international trade law.  By doing so, this Amendment will allow the countries of Sub-Saharan Africa to continue to determine the availability of HIV/AIDS pharmaceuticals in their countries, and provide their people with affordable HIV/AIDS drugs.  These drugs exist. We need to get them to where this epidemic is reaching monumental proportions.  I was pleased to work with the Managers of this bill when the African Growth and Opportunity Act was on the floor of the Senate last November, to modify my Amendment to meet some of their concerns, and to have their support in seeing it included in the final Senate-passed version of this bill.  Unfortunately, several pharmaceutical manufacturers are strongly opposed to this measure, and, as I understand it, there are efforts to have this Amendment taken out of the final bill that will be reported out of Conference.  I believe that such efforts are reprehensible, and I am determined not to allow this to happen.  And if, behind closed doors, this amendment is indeed removed from this bill, I intend to do all I can to--I hope I will be joined by my colleagues--make sure that an African Growth and Opportunity bill without this provision does not pass this Congress.  What good is an African trade bill if Africa is going to get wiped out from AIDS?  It is clearly in the interest of the United States to prevent the further spread of HIV/AIDS in Africa, and I believe that the ``compulsory licensing'' amendment was a necessary addition to the Africa Growth and Opportunity Act if we are to continue to assist the countries of this region in halting the number of premature deaths from AIDS. Antiretroviral drugs can do much to improve quality and length of life. The United States has the power to make these life-saving drugs more affordable and accessible to Africans. We cannot turn our backs on Africa. Our assistance is truly a matter of life and death.  I thank the Chair. I yield the floor.  