 President, I understand that we are running out the clock on a motion to bring to the floor the Treasury-Postal appropriations bill. So I think my comments are pertinent to that bill and to the situation in which we find ourselves.  Mr. President, about 14 months ago, those of us in this Chamber passed a juvenile justice bill. Prior to its passage, many of us on this side of the aisle came together to say if we want to really achieve some limited improvements in targeted gun measures, what should they be? We decided on a few, and the Republican side had a few. So some targeted measures were added to that bill.  One of them was that guns should not be sold without trigger locks. That was made from our side of the aisle. One from the Republican side of the aisle was that children should not be permitted to buy assault weapons--a no-brainer. That was accepted by this body. A third vote was to close the gun show loophole which enabled the two youngsters from Columbine, 16 years old, to go to a gun show and buy two assault weapons with no questions asked. The final one was one I offered on the floor, which was to plug a hole in the assault weapons legislation.  Under the assault weapons legislation, it is illegal to manufacture, possess, sell, or to transfer a large-capacity ammunition feeding device in this country. So, in other words, nobody can manufacture one domestically in this country now. The loophole is that they can come in, if manufactured in foreign countries, and be sold. So since the passage of the original assault weapons legislation, about 18 million large-capacity ammunition feeding devices have come into the country. But just in the last 14 months, since the passage of the juvenile justice bill, 6.3 million of these clips have come into this country, many of them 250 rounds, but most 30 rounds.  What is the use of these clips? You can't hunt with them. You can't carry a clip with more than 10 bullets in virtually any State if you are going to hunt. You don't use them for self-protection. The street price of them has dropped. You can buy them, no questions asked, over the Internet for $7, $8, $9. The only reason for them is to turn a weapon into a major killing machine. They are used by drive-by shooters, by the gangs, and by the grievance killer who has a grievance and wants to walk into his place of business and kill a large number of people. Well, this body passed that, and the other body actually passed it by unanimous consent. So those are measures that have held up a whole huge juvenile justice bill for that period of time.  So in 14 months, we have gone nowhere in achieving safety regulations, prudent targeted gun regulations to protect people.  A million women--now 240 new organizations--in the Million Mom March, went to the streets of their cities and to the Capitol on Mother's Day to say they wanted prudent gun regulations. But what has happened since then is we have actually back slipped. The backsliding is taking place right in this very bill which time is running on.  An amendment was put in the bill that says this:       None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to      implement a preference for the acquisition of a firearm or      ammunition based on whether the manufacturer or vendor of the      firearm or ammunition is a party of an agreement with a      department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States      regarding codes of conduct, operating practices, or product      design specifically related to the business of importing,      manufacturing, or dealing in firearms or ammunition under      chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code.  This amendment is essentially meant to prohibit the U.S. Government from giving any preference to any responsible gun manufacturer. I believe this measure is simply the worst possible public policy. I would rather not have a Treasury-Postal appropriations bill that has this kind of disincentive to good conduct in a manufacturer of weapons in this country.  When this bill comes to the floor, the first amendment from our side will be the amendment to strip this verbiage from the bill.  I am pleased to say I am joined in cosponsoring this by the Senator from Illinois, Mr. Durbin, and the Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Lautenberg.  First, it is important to point out that no such preferences have been given. The thrust of this provision is based on a hypothetical. But it is based to be a deterrent. It is based to send a message. The message is to every manufacturer of weapons that there can be no reward in government if you manufacture safe guns. If you put trigger locks, if you have good, safe marketing practices, if you manufacture guns and see they are sold and distributed in a way to keep them out of the hands of children, people who are mentally deficient, or criminals--that is the thrust of this amendment--to reduce the gun industry to its lowest possible common denominator all across the United States of America, that is the worst possible public policy. Members on both sides of this aisle should stand together and refute it.  At least one company, Smith & Wesson, has agreed to adopt certain reasonable, responsible marketing practices. While this agreement was made under the threat of litigation, it is important to note that no dealer has to comply, and no measures have been forced on Smith & Wesson. Smith & Wesson has decided to take a responsible path to produce responsible policy, and for that this body would slap them on the hand.  As a result of their effort, Smith & Wesson has allegedly been targeted by others in the gun industry that are unhappy with the agreement who say you can't march ahead of us; you can't do something right; we all want to be able to do something wrong. There has been talk of boycotts and anticompetitive behavior. In fact, I recently joined a number of my colleagues in writing to the Federal Trade Commission, asking them to look into these allegations.  Given the determination of the National Rifle Association and its alliesto stop any and all reasonable control of the flow of guns to criminals and children, I believe it would be dreadful to prevent the administration from encouraging agreements such as this one.  Let me be clear. No one is saying that law enforcement should buy inferior weapons simply because the manufacturer has agreed to act responsibly. The fact is, Smith & Wesson produces very good weapons. I have certainly never been one to argue that we should leave law enforcement without adequate weaponry. But where technology and safety of guns are similar, it makes eminent sense to give preference to the manufacturer that has agreed to certain commonsense standards.  I wish to take a few moments and go over a few of the details in the Smith & Wesson settlement document. This is what it looks like.  First, under the agreement, all handguns and pistols will be shipped from Smith & Wesson with child-safety devices. Again, the juvenile justice bill would have made this provision unnecessary. But, again, that bill has gone nowhere.  What would that do?  In Memphis, TN, not too long ago, a 5-year-old took a weapon off of his grandfather's dresser. It was loaded. He took it to kindergarten to kill the kindergarten teacher because that youngster had been given a ``time out'' the day before. The gun was discovered because a bullet dropped out of his backpack--a 5-year-old child toting in his backpack a loaded pistol with no safety lock to kill the teacher because he had been given a ``time out'' the day before. With the safety lock, the gun would have been inoperable to that child.  Another child in Michigan, a 6-year-old, has an argument with a child, brings a gun to school, and actually kills another 6-year-old.  These may not be everyday events. But they would be prevented from happening if guns were made with smart technology and, prior to that, with safety locks.  Also in the agreement, every handgun would be designed with a second hidden serial number. Why that? Because it prevents criminals from easily eradicating a serial number to impede tracing. How can we not support that?  New Smith & Wesson models will be no longer able to accept any large-capacity magazine. What is important about that? That immediately limits the kill power of that weapon. The weapon can still be used for defense. But the drums of 250 or 75 rounds with clips of 30 rounds, which are there for one reason--to kill large numbers of people--would not be accepted into that gun.  Within 2 years, every Smith & Wesson model would have a built-in, on-board locking system by which the firearm could only be operated with the key, or combination, or other mechanism unique to that gun.  Two percent of Smith & Wesson's firearms revenue would be devoted to developing smart gun technology for all future gun models. What a good thing to have happen.  Next, within a year of the agreement, each firearm would be designed so it could not be readily operated by a child under the age of six. This might include increasing the trigger-pull resistance, designing the gun so a small hand could not operate it, or perhaps requiring a sequence of actions to fire the gun that could not be easily accomplished by a 5-year-old. Who believes the Federal Government should not encourage manufacturers to make weapons so five- and six-year-olds cannot fire them?  The agreement includes safety in manufacturing tests, such as minimum barrel length and firing tests to ensure that misfires, explosions, and cracks such as those found in Saturday night specials do not occur. A drop test is also included.  I remember very well a major robbery in San Francisco where a police officer with a semiautomatic handgun went into the robbery, pulled out his weapon, and the clip dropped out. He was shot and killed. And I remember another incident where the gun was dropped and fired accidentally.  Another provision: each pistol would have a clearly visible chamber load indicator, so that the user can see whether there is a round in the chamber.  No new pistol design would be able to accept large-capacity ammunition clips.  The packaging of new guns will include a safety warning regarding the list of unsafe storage and use. What a good thing, a gun manufacturer that will put a warning with the gun that says to the prospective gun owner: Understand this is a lethal weapon. Here is how to keep it safely. Put it in a cabinet which is secure and locked. Keep the ammunition separate from the gun.  And we are going to prevent anyone who provides this from gaining any kind of preference? We give preference with merit pay. There are all kinds of preferences in Federal law. Yet we are to deny this to anybody who does the right thing and manufactures safe guns, smart guns, better guns.  Under the agreement, any dealer wishing to sell Smith & Wesson firearms would comply with a series of commonsense measures. Let me state what they are. Any dealer wishing to sell Smith & Wesson firearms first agrees not to sell at any gun show unless all the sellers in the gun show provide background checks. What a responsible thing to do. Again, this provision would be unnecessary if Congress had simply passed the juvenile justice bill and sent it to the President for his signature because all sellers at all gun shows would already be performing background checks. That bill is stalled in conference, and this provision of the agreement is a small step in the right direction.  Again, under the agreement, any dealer wishing to sell Smith & Wesson firearms must carry insurance against liability for damage to property or injury to persons resulting in firearm sales. The same thing would apply if you had a swimming pool. You would have some liability insurance if a neighbor fell into the pool and drowned. This isn't asking too much.  Any dealer wishing to sell Smith & Wesson firearms must maintain an up-to-date and accurate set of records and must keep track of all inventory at all times.  Any dealer wishing to sell Smith & Wesson firearms must agree to keep all firearms within the dealership safe from loss or theft, including locking display cases and keeping guns safely locked during off hours.  Ammunition must be stored separate from firearms.  Any dealer wishing to sell Smith & Wesson must stop selling large-capacity ammunition feeding devices and assault weapons.  This gun company has set itself in the vanguard of reform in the gun industry, and the Treasury-Postal bill coming before the Senate penalizes them for doing so. What kind of public policy is that? It simply says we are going to try, by law, to lower safety, regulation, careful record keeping, and all the things that are positive to the lowest possible denominator. We are not going to commend anybody who does the right thing. We are going to see they are not given preference. We are going to provide a disincentive to gun companies that want to do the right thing.  More than any other piece of legislation I have seen, this shows the disingenuousness of those who say they are for some targeted gun regulations. This speaks to what this is all about, that there should remain one, and one industry only, without regulation, without any kinds of standards, and that is the gun industry.  I think there is no better time to join this debate than in the upcoming Treasury-Postal bill. The amendment to strip this language from Treasury-Postal will be the first item of business of this side.  Mr. President, I will make this agreement available to anyone from either side of this aisle who wants to inspect it.  Mr. President, Senator Kennedy is a cosponsor of the amendment. I thank him, as well.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burns). The Senator from Delaware.  