 President, I thank our ranking member for this opportunity. It gives an opportunity for the Senator from Arizona and me to explain the amendment. I very much appreciate that.  Providing constitutional rights for victims of violent crime has been at the top of my list of priorities as a Senator from California. I will take a few moments to explain why.  I thank our colleague, Senator Kyl, for his leadership in bringing this issue to the forefront and working so closely with me in a bipartisan way over the past 4 years through two Congresses. I believe this is what voters sent us here to do, to work together, Republicans and Democrats, House and Senate, to find solutions to the problems ordinary Americans face every day. Indeed, ordinary Americans do find problems in the criminal justice system.  There were about 9 million victims of violent crimes in 1996, when we began this effort, and each of the 4 years since that time in the United States. Many of these victims were actually victimized a second time by the criminal justice system. They were kept in the dark about their case. They were excluded at the trial. They were unable to express their concerns for their safety when a decision was made to release their attacker. It is for these victims we are fighting for this amendment to the Constitution of the United States.  There are those who say the Constitution is a static document; it is a perfect document; it should not be changed. There are those who say it should not be changed easily. There are those who say it should not be changed without need. We are in the latter two. We believe we have a serious amendment, and we believe we can demonstrate the need for this change.  The amendment we propose today meets a situation, the situation that when the Constitution of the United States was written in 1789, there were but 4 million people in 13 colonies. Today we are over 250 million people, and victims of violent crimes alone amount to over 9 million a year.  When the Constitution was written, it was a different day. In 1791, the Bill of Rights was written. Between the text of the Constitution and the text of the Bill of Rights, a number of rights were provided to the accused, rights to protect them against an overeager, overzealous, and overambitious Government. We all know what they are: The right to counsel, to due process, to a speedy trial, against double jeopardy, against self-incrimination, against unreasonable searches and seizures, the right to have warrants issued upon probable cause, the right to a jury of peers, the right to be informed, and so on.  Victims were entirely left out, and when the Constitution and the Bill of Rights were written in 1789 and 1791, there were essentially no rights provided to victims in the United States. There was good reason for it. I want to say why that took place.  When the Constitution was written, in America in the late 18th century and well into the 19th century, public prosecutors did not exist. Victims could, and did, commence criminal trials themselves by hiring a sheriff to arrest the defendant, initiating a private prosecution. The core rights of our amendment to notice, to attend, to be heard were inherently made available to a victim of a violent crime. As Juan Cardenas, writing in the Harvard journal of law and public policy, observed:       At trial, generally, there were no lawyers for either the      prosecution or the defense. Victims of crime simply acted as      their own counsel, although wealthier crime victims often      hired a prosecutor.  Gradually, public prosecution replaced the system of private prosecution. With the explosive growth of crime in this country in recent years, it became easier and easier for the victim to be left aside in the process.  As other scholars have noted:       With the establishment of the prosecutor the conditions for      the general alienation of the victim from the legal process      further increased.  Mr. President, this began to happen in the mid 19th century, around 1850, when the concept of the public prosecutor was developed in this country for the first time.       The victim is deprived of his [or her] ability to determine      the course of a case and is deprived of the ability to gain      restitution from the proceedings. Under such conditions, the      incentives to report crime and to cooperate with the      prosecution also diminished. As the importance of the      prosecution increases, the role of victim is transformed [in      our country] from principal actor to a resource that may [or      may not] be used at the prosecutor's discretion.  Those aren't my words; those are words of Fredric Dubow and Theodore Becker in ``Criminal Justice and the Victim.''  So we see why the Constitution must be amended to guarantee these rights. There was no need to guarantee them in 1789 and 1791, when the Bill of Rights was added. We see that the criminal justice system has changed with theevolution of the concept of the public prosecutor, and we see that America has changed. The prevalence of crime has changed. The number of victims has changed. So creating the need and circumstance to respond to these developments and to restore balance in the criminal justice system by guaranteeing certain basic rights of violent crime victims in the United States is what we seek to do.  Those rights would be as follows: The right to notice of proceedings; the right not to be excluded from proceedings; the right to be heard at proceedings, if present; the right to submit a statement; the right to notice of release or escape of an attacker. For me, that is a central point and how I got involved in this movement. Also, there is the right to consideration in ensuring a speedy trial; the right to an order of restitution ordered by a judge; the right to consideration of safety in determining any conditional release. Those are basic, core rights that we would give to a victim of violent crime to be balanced against the rights of the accused.  Senator Kyl mentioned that among our supporters are Prof. Laurence Tribe of the Harvard Law School. Professor Tribe is a noted constitutional expert. Let me quote portions of his testimony from the House hearing on the amendment:       The rights in question--the rights of crime victims not to      be victimized yet again through the processes by which      government bodies and officials prosecute, punish, and      release the accused or convicted offender--are indisputably      basic human rights against government, rights that any      civilized system of justice would aspire to protect and      strive never to violate.       Our Constitution's central concerns involve protecting the      rights of individuals to participate in all those government      processes that directly and immediately involve those      individuals and affect their lives in some focused and      particular way. . . . The parallel rights of victims to      participate in these proceedings are no less basic, even      though they find no parallel recognition in the explicit text      of the U.S. Constitution.       The fact that the States and Congress, within their      respective jurisdictions, already have ample affirmative      authority to enact rules protecting these rights is. . .not a      reason for opposing an amendment altogether. . . . The      problem, rather, is that such rules are likely, as experience      to date sadly shows, to provide too little real protection      whenever they come into conflict with bureaucratic habit,      traditional indifference, sheer inertia, or any mention of an      accused's rights regardless of whether those rights are      genuinely threatened.  Now, some people would say, ``Let's pass another Federal statute.'' To them, I say: Been there, done that. We did that twice--in the case of the Oklahoma City bombing--and the judge ignored the Federal statute both times. According to the FBI, 98.4 percent of violent crimes are prosecuted in State courts. So why a Federal statute won't work is that even the broadest Federal statute would affect only 1 percent of the victims of violent crimes in this Nation. And then that statute could, in effect, be trumped at any time by the constitutional amendment provided to the accused.  The attorneys general of 37 States, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands have all signed a letter with this statement:       We are convinced that statutory provisions are not enough.      Only a Federal constitutional amendment will be sufficient to      change the culture of our criminal justice system.  Let me tell you, very personally, why I believe this to be very necessary. Let me take you back to my life in San Francisco in the 1970s. In 1974, in my home city, a man by the name of Angelo Pavageau broke into the house of Frank and Annette Carlson in Portrero Hill. Mr. Pavageau tied Mr. Carlson to a chair, murdered him by beating him with a hammer, a chopping block, and a ceramic vase. He then repeatedly raped Annette Carlson, who was 24 years old, breaking several of her bones. He slit her wrists and tried to strangle her with a telephone cord before setting their home on fire and leaving them to go up in flames.  But Mrs. Carlson survived the fire; she lived and she testified against her attacker. That testimony sent him to prison where he resides, I believe, to this day. But she has been forced to change her name. She lives anonymously and she continues to live in fear that one day her attacker may be released and come back after her.  When I was mayor of San Francisco, she called me several times to notify me that she had found out that he was up for parole, and she begged me to do what I could to see that she would know if he was released so she could protect herself. Amazingly, it was up to her to find this information. The system did not provide it.  I believe no American citizen should have to live out of fear that their attacker will be released from jail or from prison without their notice. That is a basic right provided by this measure.  In 1979, a killing occurred which galvanized the victims' rights movement in California. A young woman named Catina Rosa Salerno was murdered on her first day of school at the University of the Pacific in Stockton. The killer was an 18-year-old, Steven Jones Burns, Catina's high school sweetheart and a trusted family friend. After shooting her, Burns went back to his dorm room to watch Monday night football. He could see her as she bled to death outside his window.  During the trial, the family was not allowed in the courtroom and had to sit outside waiting for news. The murder of Catina had a profound and lasting effect on the family. Her mother, Harriet, and her father, Michael, cofounded Crime Victims United, one of California's more outspoken groups for victims' rights, and the family has since that day worked tirelessly to educate the public about the rights of crime victims.  These cases helped California become the first State in the Nation to pass a crime victims' constitutional amendment, an amendment to the State Constitution of California, Proposition 8, in 1982. It gave victims the right to restitution, the right to testify at sentencing, probation, and parole hearings, established a right to safe and secure public school campuses, and made various changes in criminal law. It was a good start.  Since that time, a total of 32 States have passed constitutional amendments to provide victims of crime with certain basic rights. All of them have passed by substantial margins--Alabama, 80 percent; Connecticut, 78 percent; Idaho, 79 percent; Illinois, 77 percent; Indiana, 89 percent; Kansas, 84 percent. Some States passed them by constitutional convention: South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, and Wisconsin.  What is wrong with that? What is wrong is the paperwork quilt of different rights provided by different State Constitutions. The remaining States--18 of them--provide no basic rights for a victim of a violent crime. We provide a basic core of rights--of notice, of presence, to be heard, to be noticed of an attacker's release, to restitution if ordered by a judge--eight certain, basic, core rights that exist for every victim of a violent crime throughout the United States. For the first time in history, the Constitution would recognize a victim has core basic rights, that those rights are present in the Constitution, and that the victims are free to exercise those rights.  In summary, I know this amendment is controversial. I know there are those who will say these State amendments are enough. I want to give a few examples of why the State amendments are not enough.  Maryland has a State amendment. But when Cheryl Rae Enochs Resch was beaten to death with a ceramic beer mug by her husband, her mother was not notified of the killer's release 2\1/2\ years into the 10-year sentence. The mother was not given the opportunity to be heard about this release--in violation of the Maryland constitutional amendment.  Arizona has a State constitutional amendment, but an independent audit of victim-witness programs in four Arizona counties, including Maricopa County, where Phoenix is located, found that victims were not consistently notified of hearings; they were not conferred with by prosecutors regarding plea bargains; they were not consistently provided with an opportunity to request postconviction notification.  Ohio has a State amendment. But when the murderer of Maxine Johnson's husband changed his plea, Maxine was not notified of the public hearing and was not given the opportunity to testify at his sentencing as provided in Ohio law.  A Justice Department-supported study of the implementation of Statevictims' rights amendments released earlier this year made similar findings:       Even in States with strong legal protections for victims'      rights, the Victims' Rights study revealed many victims are      denied their rights. Statutes themselves appear to be      insufficient to guarantee the provision of victims' rights.  The report goes on:       Nearly two-thirds of crime victims, even in states with      strong victims' rights protection, were not notified that the      accused offender was out on bond.  Therefore, the victim had no opportunity to protect himself or herself.       Nearly one half of all victims, even in the strong      protection states, did not receive notice of the sentencing      hearing--notice that is essential if they are to exercise      their right to make a statement at sentencing.  Finally:       A substantial number of victims reported they were not      given an opportunity to make a victim impact statement at      sentencing or parole.  State amendments are not enough. The reason a Federal statute will not work is that it has not worked before and our area of coverage is too small. The best Federal statute we could pass would cover but 1 percent of victims of violent crimes in this Nation.  That leaves but one remedy. It is a difficult remedy. It takes time. It imposes an act of conscience on every Member of this body and the other body who believes the Constitution of the United States should not be amended: Is it worthy to make this amendment to afford the victim of a rape attack, the victim of an attempted murder attack, with the notice as to when that individual is going to be released from jail or prison? I think it is.  Is this a worthy enough cause so that an individual can at least be noticed when a trial is going to take place, can at least be present, can at least make a statement, can at least have an order of restitution if ordered by a judge, and to at least have notice of these basic rights? I think so.  I don't believe the Constitution of the United States was written purposefully to exclude victims. The victim was part of the trial. The victim brought the trial. The victim brought the investigation. The victim was present in court. And our country functioned that way until the mid-19th century and the evolution of the public prosecutor.  The only way to remedy this significant omission, I contend, is to amend the Constitution of the United States and at long last show the Constitution is, in fact, a living document, that it does expand to take into consideration the evolution of circumstances within our country. This cannot be done, it cannot be achieved, without an amendment to the Constitution of the United States.  I reserve the remainder of my time, and I yield the floor.  