 President, I rise to support the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 conference report. While I have some reservations of some parts of the conference report, I am pleased that a number of important provisions have been included.  I would like to focus my comments today on three specific provisions of this report: the Violence Against Women Act of 2000, the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act, and the Twenty-First Amendment Enforcement Act.  I strongly supported the Violence Against Women Act when we passed it 6 years ago. VAWA was the most comprehensive bill ever passed by Congress to deal with the corrosive problem of domestic violence. I believed then and believe now that this legislation was long overdue.  For far too long, there has been an attitude that violence against women is a ``private matter.'' If a woman was mugged by a stranger, people would be outraged and demand action. However, if the same woman was bruised and battered by her husband or boyfriend, they would simply turn away.  Attitudes are hard to change. But I believe that VAWA has helped.  In the last 5 years, VAWA has enhanced criminal penalties on those who attack women, eased enforcement of protection orders from State to State, and provided over $1.6 billion over 6 years to police, prosecutors, battered women's shelters, a national domestic violence hotline, and other provisions designed to catch and punish batterers and offer victims the support they need to leave their abusers.  The Violence Against Women Act works. A Department of Justice study recently found that, during the 6-year period that VAWA has been in effect, violence against women by intimate partners fell 21 percent.  However, the same study found that much more work remains to be done. For example:  Since 1976, about one-third of all murdered women each year have been killed by their partners;  Moreover, women are still much more likely than men to be attacked by their intimate partners. During 1993-1998, women victims of violence were more than seven times more likely to have been attacked by an intimate partner than male victims of violence.  VAWA 2000 will help us complete that work. This legislation would do three things.  First, the bill would reauthorize through fiscal year 2005 the key programs in the original Violence Against Women Act. These include STOP grants, pro-arrest grants, rural domestic violence and child abuse enforcement grants, the national domestic violence hotline, and rape prevention and education programs. The bill also reauthorizes the court-appointed and special advocate program, CASA, and other programs in the Victims of Child Abuse Act.  Second, the bill makes some improvements to VAWA. These include:  Funding for grants to help victims of domestic violence, stalking, and sexual assault who need legal assistance because of that violence;  Assistance to states and tribal courts to improve interstate enforcement of civil protection orders, as required by the original Violence Against Women Act;  Funding for grants to provide short-term housing assistance and short-term support services to individuals and their dependents fleeing domestic violence who are unable to find quickly secure alternative housing;  A provision providing supervised visitation of children for victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, and child abuse to reduce the opportunity for additional domestic violence during visitations;  A provision strengthening and refining protections for battered immigrant women; and  An expansion of several of the primary grant programs to cover violence that arises in dating relationships.  I was disappointed that the conference did not agree to extend the recently expired Violent Crime Reduction Fund. The money for the trust fund comes from savings generated by reducing the Federal workforce by more than 300,000 employees, and it was the primary source of money for VAWA programs. This will mean that VAWA will likely be funded directly by tax revenues.  However, I am pleased that the conference agreed to restore language that would allow grant money to be used to deal with dating violence. Without this language, women could not benefit from VAWA unless they cohabited with their abusers. That makes no sense. In fact, the Department of Justice study on intimate partner violence found that women between the ages of 16 and 24--prime dating ages--are the most likely to experience violence within their relationships.  VAWA has been particularly important to my own state of California. VAWA funds have trained hundreds of California police officers, prosecutors, and judges. They have provided California law enforcement with better evidence gathering and information sharing equipment.  VAWA funds have also hired victims' advocates and counselors in scores of California cities. They have provided an array of services to California women and children--from 24-hour hotlines to emergency transportation to medical services.  I have heard numerous stories from women in California who have benefitted from VAWA. For instance, one woman wrote to me to how she fled from an abusive relationship but was able to get food, clothing, and shelter for her and her four children from a VAWA-supported center. If it was not for VAWA, she wrote, ``I would have lost my four children because I didn't have anywhere to go. I was homeless with my children.''  And the head of the Valley Trauma Center in Southern California wrote me about another tragic case. Four men kidnaped a woman as she walked to her car and raped her repeatedly for many hours. Incredibly, because the men accused the victim of having sex with them voluntarily and one of the men was underage, the woman herself was charged with having sex with a minor. As a result, the woman lost her job. Fortunately, the center, using VAWA funds, was able to intervene. They helped get the charges against the victim dismissed and assisted the woman through her trauma.  There is no question that VAWA has made a real difference in the lives of tens of thousands of women and children in California. Let me give you some more examples:  Through VAWA funding, California has 23 sexual assault response teams, 13 violence response teams, and scores of domestic violence advocates in law enforcement agencies throughout the state. These teams have responded to hundreds of incidents of domestic violence, saving lives and helping protect California women and children from abuse.  Since 1997, eight counties in California have developed stalking and threat assessment teams, STATs. Since VAWA was enacted, there has been a 200-percent increase in the number of felony stalking cases filed by the Los Angeles District Attorney.  Within 2 weeks of launching an antistalking educational campaign using VAWA money, the Los Angeles Commission on Assaults Against Women, LACAAW, received about 40 calls to its crisis hotline. These calls resulted in numerous investigations by the local STAT.  Since LACAAW receive VAWA money in 1997, it has seen a 64 percent increase in the number of victims served. Moreover, its rape prevention education program services have doubled in this period.  In the last 5 years, Women Escaping a Violent Environment, WEAVE, a victim service provider in Sacramento, has doubled its legal advocacy efforts and crisis and referral services. It responds to over 20,000 domestic violence and sexual assault calls to its crisis line annually and 35 requests for legal services daily.  In Alameda County, the district attorney's office has used VAWA funds to institute comprehensive training regarding the investigation and prosecution of domestic violence and stalking cases. Two hundred sixty prosecutors in Alameda and Contra Costa county and 350 police officers in Alameda country have been trained. The result: 30 new stalking cases and numerous new domestic violence cases being investigated and prosecuted just in 3 months.  Lideres Campasinas has used VAWA money to establish itself in 12 communities in California and has trained 25,000 immigrant and migrant women. Before it received this money, Lideres Campasinas did not address the problem of domestic violence among farmworker women. Now, three tribal organizations and 4 States have contacted it about setting up similar programs in their jurisdictions.  The California Coalition Against Sexual Assault's Rape Prevention Resource Center has, using VAWA money, assembled over 4,000 items focused exclusively on issues related to violence against women in the U.S. Over 4,000 items are currently available in its lending library.  In short, VAWA 2000 renews our commitment to fighting violence against women and children. I am delighted to support its passage today.  Let me also say a few words about the Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act, which is also in the conference report.  I strongly support this bill, which will help American victims of terrorism abroad collect court-awarded compensation and ensures that the responsible State sponsors of terrorism pay a price for their crimes.  Just let me talk about one example of why this new law is necessary.  In 1985, David Jacobsen was residing in Beirut, Lebanon, and was the chief executive officer of the American University of Beirut Medical Center. His life would soon take a dramatic and irreversible change for the worse, and he would never again be the same.  Shortly before 8:00 a.m. on May 28, 1985, Jacobsen was crossing an intersection with a companion when he was assaulted, subdued and forced into a van by several terrorist assailants. He was pistol-whipped, bound and gagged, and pushed into a hidden compartment under the floor in the back of the van.  Jacobsen was held by these men, members of the Iranian-backed Hizballah, for 532 days--nearly a year and a half. He was held in darkness and blindfolded during most of that time, chained by his ankles and wrists and wearing nothing but undershorts and a t-shirt. He has said in the past that he was allowed to see sunlight just twice in those 17 months.  The food during his captivity was meager--sometimes the guards would even spit in his food before handing it over.  Jacobsen was subjected to regular beatings, and often threatened with immediate death. He was forced to listen as fellow captives were killed.  As a result of this physical and mental torture, Jacobsen has been under continuous treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder since his release in November of 1986--nearly 13 years ago.  In August of 1998, David Jacobsen was awarded $9 million by a U.S. Federal Court. The judgement was against the Government of Iran, and pursuant to a bill that Congress signed in 1996 allowing victims of foreign terrorism to recover against terrorist nations.  But David Jacobsen has collected nothing. He cannot go to Iran to ask for the verdict. And our own Government has essentially turned its back. Some have estimated the United States Government has frozen more than a billion dollars of Iranian assets. Yet not one cent has been paid to David Jacobsen. The administration has invoked waiver after waiver--even as Congress has modified the 1996 bill to clarify our intent.  The same has been true for others victimized by agents of designated terrorist-sponsoring nations, including Alisa Flatow, Terry Anderson, Joseph Ciccippio, Frank Reed, Matthew Eisenfeld, Sarah Duker, Armando Alejandre, Carlos A. Costa, and Mario de la Pena.  The legislation included in this conference report replaces the waiver authority in current law to make it both more clear, and more narrow. It is my hope that once Congress has again spoken on this issue, money frozen from terrorist nations will finally begin to flow to the victims of those terrorist acts.  The Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act also contains an amendment authored by Senator Leahy and myself that will offer more immediate and effective assistance to victims of terrorism abroad, such as those Americans killed or injured in the embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania and in the Pam Am 103 bombing over Lockerbie, Scotland. This amendment does not involve any new funding; all the money for victims would come out of the existing emergency reserve fund for the Department of Justice's Office for Victims of Crime, OVC.  The Leahy-Feinstein amendment aims to provide faster and better assistance to victims of terrorism abroad. Under current Federal law, if there is a terrorist attack against Americans abroad, the victims and their families must generally go to the victims' services agencies in their home States to receive assistance and compensation. However, victims' services vary widely from State to State, and some overseas victims receive no relief at all because they cannot establish residency in a particular State.  Let me give you a couple of real-life examples created by current law:  Two American victims, standing literally yards apart, were injured in the bombing at the U.S. Embassy in Kenya. Each received severe injuries, was permanently disabled, and spent 7 months recovering at the same hospital. However, because the two were residents of different States, they received very different victims' assistance: one received $15,000 in compensation and one $100,000. And one waited a week for a decision on the money and the other 5 months.  Another American was also severely injured in the embassy bombings. Because he was not able to establish residency in a particular State, he could not receive any victims' assistance or compensation at all. In fact, because he lacked health insurance, he had to pay his medical bills himself.  The Office for Victims of Crime has been able to get around the problem in certain cases by transferring money to the FBI or U.S. attorney's offices, which then transfer the money to victims. However, this cannot be done in some situations. Moreover, even where such transfers can be done, OVC and the victims have run into a lot of redtape and delays. An example:  Because of current law, OVC was not able to respond directly to the needs of victims of the embassy bombings. So they transferred money to the Executive Office of the U.S. attorneys, which then transferred the money to the State Department, which then transferred the money to the victims. This triple transfer took 8 months. In the meantime, the victims and their families had to pay medical bills, transportation costs, funeral expenses, and other expenses themselves.  The Leahy-Feinstein amendment will immediately benefit terrorist victims. For example, the amendment ensures that the OVC can assist victims directly with regard to the upcoming trial in New York City of the individuals who allegedly bombed our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.  The Leahy-Feinstein amendment fixes the problem in three ways.  First, it creates a single, centralized agency to help victims of terrorism abroad. This agency--OVC--has more expertise and resources to help overseas terrorism victims than a typical State victims' services agency. For example, OVC can much more easily get information from U.S. and foreign government agencies to process victims' claims than, say, the Wyoming Victim Services Division.  Second, it eliminates the gaps and inconsistencies in Federal and State victims' services statutes that result in disparate treatment of similarly situated victims of terrorism. The amendment provides OVC with much more flexibility to assist victims of terrorism directly, avoiding unfair results.  Third, it cuts redtape that has unnecessarily delayed services to victims of terrorism.  Specifically, the Leahy-Feinstein amendment:  Authorizes OVC to establish a terrorism compensation fund and to make direct payments to American citizens and noncitizen U.S. Government employees for emergency expenses related to terrorist victimization. The money would be used to pay emergency travel expenses, medical bills, and the cost of transporting bodies.  Allows OVC to pay for direct services to victims, regardless of where a terrorist attack occurs. This includes counseling services, a victims' website, and closed-circuit TV so victims and their families can monitor trial proceedings.  Raises the cap on OVC's emergency reserve fund from $50 million to $100 million. This would enable OVC to access additional funds in the event of a terrorist attack involving massive casualties.  Makes it easier for OVC to replenish its emergency reserve fund with money that it de-obligates from its other grant programs.  Expands the range of organizations that OVC may fund to include the Department of State, Red Cross, and others.  I would like to thank Senator Leahy for his leadership on this issue. While he and I have sometimes disagreed on how to address the lack of victims' rights in this Nation, I am glad that we were able to work together to pass this important amendment.  Finally, I would like to discuss one last provision of this conference report. Specifically, I want to address the so-called Twenty-First Amendment Enforcement Act, S. 577, now included as part of this conference report. I want it to be perfectly clear that this provision is simply a jurisdictional statute with a very narrow and specific purpose. The bill is not intended to allow the enforcement of invalid or unconstitutional State liquor laws in the Federal courts, and is certainly not intended to allow States to unfairly discriminate against out-of-State sellers for the purposes of economic protectionism.  The Twenty-First Amendment Enforcement Act would add a new section (section 2) to the Webb-Kenyon Act, granting Federal court jurisdiction to injunctive relief actions brought by State attorneys general seeking to enforce State laws dealing with the importation or transportation of alcoholic beverages. It is important to emphasize that Congress is not passing on the advisability or legal validity of themany State laws dealing with alcoholic beverages. Whether a particular State law on this subject is a valid exercise of State power is, and will continue to be, a matter for the courts to decide.  As you know, the powers granted to the States under section 2 of the 21st amendment are not absolute. As the Supreme Court has made clear since 1964, State power under the 21st amendment cannot be read in isolation from other provisions in the Constitution. In Hostetter v. Idlewild Bon Voyage Liquor Corporation, 377 U.S. 324 (1964), the Court began to use a ``balancing test'' or ``accommodation test'' to determine whether a state liquor law was enacted to implement a ``core power'' of the 21st amendment or was essentially an effort to unfairly regulate or burden interstate commerce with an inadequate connection to the temperance goals of the second section of the 21st amendment.  The Court said in Hostetter that ``[B]oth the 21st amendment and the commerce clause are parts of the same Constitution. Like other provisions of the Constitution, each must be considered in the light of the other, and in the context of the issues and interests at stake in any concrete case.'' The Court in that case also emphasized that to draw the conclusion that the 21st amendment has repealed the commerce clause, would be ``patently bizarre'' and ``demonstrably incorrect.''  Subsequently, in a series of other decisions over the last 35 years, the Supreme Court has held that the 21st amendment does not diminish the force of the supremacy clause, the establishment clause, the export-import clause, the equal protection clause, and, again, the commerce clause; nor does it abridge rights protected by the first amendment.  In case after case (Capital Cities Cable, Inc. v. Crisp, 467 U.S. 691, 712 (1984) (supremacy clause); Larkin v. Grendel's Den, Inc., 459 U.S. 116, 122 (1982) (establishment clause); Department of Revenue v. James Beam Co., 377 U.S. 341 (1964) (export-import clause); Craig v. Boren, 429 U.S. 190, 209 (1976) (equal protection); Bacchus Imports, Ltd. v. Dias, 468 U.S. 263, 275 (1984) (commerce clause); 44 Liquormart, Inc. v. Rhode Island, 517 U.S. 484, 516 (1996) (first amendment)), the Court has made it clear that the powers granted to the States under the 21st amendment must be read in conjunction with other provisions in the Constitution.  In Bacchus Imports, the Court stated that the 21st amendment was not designed ``to empower States to favor local liquor industries by erecting barriers to competition.'' Nor are State laws that constitute ``mere economic protectionism . . . entitled to the same deference as laws enacted to combat the perceived evils of an unrestricted traffic in liquor.'' The Bacchus decision stands for the legal principle that the 21st amendment cannot be used by the States to justify liquor laws which, by favoring instate businesses, discriminate against out-of-state sellers or otherwise burden interstate commerce. Economic discrimination is not a core purpose of the 21st amendment.  Earlier this year, when the Senate Judiciary Committee considered S. 577, I offered an amendment to the ``Rules of Construction'' section of Senator Hatch's substitute to S. 577. The amendment was intended to clarify that Congress recognizes the important line of cases I have described today and does not intend to tip or alter the critical balance between the 21st amendment and other provisions in the Constitution, such as the commerce clause. I also thought it was important that we make it clear that, in passing this jurisdictional statute, we are neither endorsing any existing State liquor laws nor prejudging the validity of any State liquor laws. In making a decision as to whether to issue an injunction, the Federal judge will look at the underlying State statute and determine whether or not it has been violated and whether it is a constitutionally permissible exercise of State authority.  The committee adopted my amendment by a unanimous voice vote and the language of subsection 2(e) now reflects the committee's intent. It states that this legislation is to be construed only to extend the jurisdiction of the Federal courts in connection with a State law that is a valid exercise of State power: (1) under the 21st amendment of the U.S. Constitution as such an amendment is interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States, including interpretations in conjunction with other provisions of the U.S. Constitution; and (2) under the first section of the Webb-Kenyon Act as interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. Further, S. 577 is not to be construed as granting the States any additional power.  The legislative history of both the Webb-Kenyon Act and the second section of the 21st amendment reflect the fact that Congress intended to protect the right of the individual States to enact laws to encourage temperance within their borders. So both before the establishment of nationwide prohibition and after its repeal, the States have been free to enact statewide prohibition laws, and to enact laws allowing the local governments (i.e. counties, cities, townships, etcetera) within their borders to exercise ``local option'' restrictions on the availability of alcoholic beverages. Further, the States are also free to enact laws limiting the access of minors to alcoholic beverages under their police powers.  The language in subsection 2(e) reinforces the Supreme Court decisions holding that the 21st amendment is not to be read in isolation from other provisions contained in the U.S. Constitution. These cases have recognized that State power under section 2 of the 21st amendment is not unlimited and must be balanced with the other constitutional rights protected by commerce clause, the supremacy clause, the export-import clause, the equal protection clause, the establishment clause and the first amendment.  The substitute to S. 577 offered in the Judiciary Committee by Senator Hatch also made a number of other positive changes in this legislation.  Federal court jurisdiction is granted only for injunctive relief actions by State attorneys general against alleged violators of State liquor laws. However, actions in Federal court are not permitted against persons licensed by that State, nor are they permitted against persons authorized to produce, sell, or store intoxicating liquor in that State.  The Hatch substitute also made other changes ensuring that the bill tracks the due process requirements of rule 65 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure concerning suits for injunctive relief in Federal court. Under subsection 2(b), a State attorney general must have ``reasonable cause'' to believe that a violation of that State's law regulating the importation or transportation of intoxicating liquor has taken place. Further, under subsection 2(d)(1) the burden of proof is on the State to show by a preponderance of the evidence that a violation of State law has occurred. Similarly, subsection 2(d)(2) makes it clear that no preliminary injunction may be granted except upon evidence: (A) demonstrating the probability of irreparable injury; and (B) supporting the probability of success on the merits. Also, under subsection 2(d)(3) no preliminary or permanent injunction may be issued without notice to the adverse party and an opportunity for a hearing on the merits. While the legislation makes it clear that an action for injunctive relief under this act is to be tried before the Court without a jury, at the same time a defendant's rights to a jury trial in any separate or subsequent State criminal proceeding are intended to be preserved.  The amendments adopted in the Judiciary Committee bring both balance and fairness to this legislation. As amended, the Twenty-First Amendment Enforcement Act will assist in the enforcement of legitimate State liquor laws that are genuinely about encouraging temperance or prohibiting the sale of alcohol to minors. At the same time, the amended bill reflects a recognition on the part of the Judiciary Committee, the Senate, and the Congress that S. 577 is solely a jurisdictional statute and is not intended to allow the enforcement of invalid or unconstitutional State liquor laws in the Federal courts.  