 President, I rise in opposition to the amendment offered by the Senator from Wyoming. This amendment would prevent the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) from issuing ergonomic standards to protect workers from back injuries, carpal tunnel syndrome and other work-related musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs)  MSDs caused by ergonomic hazards are the most widespread safety and health problem in the workplace today. Every year 1.8 million workers suffer as a result of work-related MSDs bone or muscle disorders and one-third of those workers lose work time as result of these disorders.  These injuries are a burden on workers, and they are a burden on the economy. These injuries result in $20 billion per year in workers' compensation claims. OSHAs proposed ergonomic regulations would cut in half the cost of workers' compensation claims.  Ergonomic programs have slashed costs for businesses throughout California.  In 1997, Sun Microsystems average MSD disability claim dropped to $3,500, from $55,000, in 1993.  The Vale Health Care Center, in San Pablo, California, reduced the number of back injuries from ten per year to one per year.  The Fresno Bee, three years after establishing an ergonomics program, reduced workers' compensation costs by over 95 percent, and associated lost workdays and surgeries were eliminated.  Xandex, in Pentaluma, California; Silicon Graphics, in Mountain View, California; Rohm and Haas, in Hayward, Califoria; Blue Cross of California; Varin Associates, a California electronics manufacturing business, the city of San Jose, Pacific Bell, FMC Defense Systems Corporation, AT Global Information Systems, in San Diego, and Intel, in Santa Clara, California, have all implemented successful ergonomics programs.  Ergonomic standards have been studied ad nauseam.  There are more than 2,000 published studies on MSDs, and the scientific evidence strongly supports the conclusion that ergonomics programs can and do reduce MSDs.  In 1991, Secretary of Labor Elizabeth Dole believed there was sufficient scientific evidence that ergonomic injuries were a major problem in the workplace, and she committed the Labor Department to address the issue.  In 1991, Secretary of Labor Lynn Martin committed the Department of Labor to develop and issue a standard using normal rule-making procedures.  In 1998, at the request of the Representatives Livingston and Bonilla, the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) received a $490,000 grant to conduct a literature review of MSDs. Later in 1998, NAS released its findings. It concluded that ``research clearly demonstrates that specific interventions can reduce the reported rates of musculoskeletal disorders for workers who perform high-risk tasks.'' In other words, workplace ergonomic factors cause MSDs, but specific interventions can reduce the number of cases.  Congress then appropriated another $890,000 for another NAS literature review on workplace-related MSDs. This study will be completed early next year.  If the results are the same as the previous study, and I assume they will be, we should not prevent the Department of Labor from issuing ergonomic standards.  Ergonomic programs have proven to be effective in reducing motion injuries and other MSDs, and suggest that OSHA must be permitted to go forward with sensible regulations to ensure a safe workplace.  The problem is real, but it is a problem we can fix, and we can save businesses billions of dollars in workers' compensation claims by doing so.  I strongly urge my colleagues to help improve workplace safety by joining me in opposing this amendment.  