 President, I join my distinguished colleague from California, Senator Barbara Boxer, in commending and congratulating the Los Angeles Lakers for their outstanding season which was culminated last night in winning the 2000 National Basketball Association Championship.  Without a doubt, the Los Angeles Lakers are one of the finest franchises in the history of professional sports. In defeating a gritty and hard-nosed Indiana Pacers team last night, the Lakers captured their twelfth NBA Championship in the true spirit of their ``Showtime'' years.  The Los Angeles Lakers are a true sporting dynasty. They are the second winningest team in NBA history. Their record of 67-15, the best regular season record in the NBA's Eastern and Western Conference.  Led by coach Phil Jackson, Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant the Lakers are a formidable opponent. Shaquille O'Neal was named league Most Valuable Player, led the league in scoring and field goal percentage, won the IBM Award for greatest overall contribution to a team, and became just the sixth player in the game's history to be a unanimous selection to the All-NBA First team.  Shaquille O'Neal also was named Most Valuable Player of the 2000 All Star game scoring 22 points and collecting 9 rebounds. And he also dominated the 2000 playoffs scoring 38 points per game in the NBA Finals on his way to winning the Most Valuable Player award.  Another top player was the 21-year-old phenom, Kobe Bryant, who overcame injuries to average more than 22 points a game in the regular season and be named to the NBA All-Defensive First Team. Kobe Bryant's eight point performance in the overtime of game 4 led the Lakers to one of the most dramatic wins in playoff history.  Coach Phil Jackson, winner of seven NBA Championship rings and a playoff winning percentage of .718, has proven to be one of the most innovative and adaptable coaches in the NBA.  And when you add to this terrific trio and strong supporting cast--including Glenn Rice, A.C. Green, Ron Harper, Robert Horry, Rick Fox, Derrick Fisher, Brian Shaw, Devean George, Tyronn Lue, John Celestand, Travis Knight, and John Salley--the recipe for a championship was written.  I also congratulate team owner Dr. Jerry Buss, General Manager Jerry West and all the others who worked so hard to return the championship magic to the City of Angels. But most of all, I would like to congratulate the myriad of Lakers fans who have pulled for this team through it all.  The 1999-2000 Los Angeles Lakers will go down in history with those legendary teams of the past. And we can add the names of Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryan to the tapestry of Laker greats: George Mikan, Wilt Chamberlain, Jerry West, Elgin Baylor, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and the incomparable Earvin ``Magic'' Johnson.  These Lakers demonstrated immeasurable determination, heart, stamina, and an amazing comeback ability in their drive for the championship. They have made the City of Los Angeles and the State of California proud.  The Los Angeles Lakers have started the 21st century meeting the high standards they established in the 20th century. In the years ahead, I have no doubt that this team will add numerous championship banners to the rafters of the Staples Center.  Senator Boxer and I thought it would be fitting of offer this resolution today.  I ask unanimous consent that the resolution and preamble be agreed to en bloc, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements related thereto be printed in the Record, with no intervening action.  