 President, I rise today in strong support of the Kerrey motion to strike the Section 1017 of the Defense Authorization Act regarding U.S. strategic nuclear force levels.  I do not believe that the restrictions that this bill contains, which prevents the Department of Defense from reducing U.S. strategic nuclear delivery vehicles--warheads--below START I levels until START II enters into force, is necessary or, given the current international security environment, needed.  Striking this provision does not mandate any cuts in U.S. nuclear forces: It merely makes it possible, now that the Russian Duma has ratified the START II treaty, for the U.S. to make further cuts below START I levels.  In fact, I believe that it is important that the President, the Joint Chiefs, and the Secretary of Defense have the flexibility to determine the appropriate force level and alert status for U.S. nuclear forces based on military and security need.  In fact, the original reason for including this provision in the Defense Authorization bill in 1998 was not based on military or security need per se, but rather to encourage the Russian Duma to ratify START II. Well, now they have, and the U.S. should be prepared to reduce our nuclear forces below START I levels, consistent with our national security needs, if and when Russia moves to reduce its forces below START I levels in a verifiable manner. That is what the Kerrey Amendment will allow.  Before I conclude, I would also like to take a few minutes today to speak to some of the larger issues raised by this debate.  We no longer live in the world of the superpower nuclear arms race of the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s or 1980s.  During the Cold War the threat of nuclear war was omnipotent, and the size and configuration of the U.S. nuclear arsenal was very much a function of the Cold War international security environment and the needs of nuclear deterrence with the Soviet Union.  But the Soviet Union is gone. The Berlin Wall came down over ten years ago. Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic are now members of NATO. The world in the year 2000 is not the same as the world of twenty, thirty, or forty years ago. And I believe that our nuclear weapons policy should reflect these new realities.  We live in a transformative moment for international politics: The security structures and imperatives that guided our thinking during the Cold War have either melted away or are malleable to change. Both Al Gore and George W. Bush recognize that. Why should the U.S. Senate remain captive to the thinking of the Cold War, or to the nuclear weapons counting arithmetic of the Cold War?  The world has changed, yet as Dr. Bruce Blair, President of the Center for Defense Information, has pointed out, the Single Integrated Operating Plan (SIOP) which guides our nuclear weapons targeting, has been growing steadily since 1993, and grew over 20 percent in the last five years alone. It includes over 500 weapons aimed at Russian factories in a country whose economy is all but defunct and which produced almost no armaments last year, and over500 Russian conventional military targets for an army of a country that can not even successfully invade itself.  Something is amiss. Clearly we need to retain a force capable of robust deterrence. But we can not allow ourselves to pursue an outdated policy that dictates an arsenal far larger than new, current-day reality suggests we need or is advisable.  I strongly believe that deterrence can remain robust with a smaller nuclear arsenal. Analysis by Dr. Blair and others suggests that with a force of 10 Tridents, each with 24 missiles, 300 Minuteman III land-based missiles, 20 B-2 bombers and 50 B-52 bombers we can assure the destruction of between 250 and 1,000 targets worldwide in retaliation for any strike against the United States. If this sort of retaliatory capacity does not deter any adversary, than it is hard to imagine what would.  I also believe that it is critical, as we move into this new world, for the United States to review our own nuclear alert status and those of other nuclear capable-states. Right now the U.S. maintains 2,300 warheads on launch-ready alert: 98 percent of the Minuteman III and Peacekeeper land-based force on 2-minute launch readiness and 4 Trident submarines, two in each ocean, on 15 minute launch readiness. The Russians, likewise, maintain their forces on hair-trigger alert. Keeping these forces on hair-trigger alert is a potential accident waiting to happen, with devastating consequences if it does.  In January 1995 a commercial space-launch off the coast of Norway in the middle of the night was almost misinterpreted by Russia as a U.S. Trident missile launch, despite the fact that we had pre-notified them about the launch. As I understand it, Russia prepared for a nuclear retaliatory strike. It was only at the last minute that the Russians realized that this was a commercial launch headed for space, not a nuclear weapon headed for Moscow and stood-down their forces.  These risks--these needless risks which do nothing to add to our security but, just the opposite, make the world a less safe, stable, and secure place--need to be addressed.  And they need to be addressed in a way that will allow us to embrace the challenge of the new century, not be held captive to the grim math of the old. As Governor Bush pointed out on May 23, ``These unneeded weapons are relics of dead conflicts and they do nothing to make us more secure.''  Mr. President, I think that it is important to point out that the Kerrey Amendment does not mandate that we cut U.S. nuclear force levels. It merely gives the President, the Secretary of Defense, and the Joint Chief the flexibility to determine whether, if and how lowering U.S. force levels below the START I limits would be a net-plus for U.S. national security and, if it is, to do it.  As Senator Kerrey has argued, by mandating force levels higher than are needed or desired for national security needs, we actually run the risk of undermining our security interests. If we force the Russians to maintain at hair-trigger status more nuclear weapons than they can safely control we run the risk of an accidental or unauthorized launch. If we maintain our own nuclear arsenal at high levels when it is unnecessary to do so, we encourage rouge nations to pursue their own nuclear weapons programs.  A decade after the end of the Cold War, and on the cusp of the twenty-first century, I believe that it is critical that the United States Senate show a willingness to engage in the serious business of forging a new strategic vision. We must do so with no preconditions or preconceived notions about how many, or how few, nuclear weapons are necessary. If an objective review of our national security needs dictate that we should maintain an arsenal at START I levels, then I will be second to none in this body in insisting that our arsenal remain at that size. But if, as Governor Bush has suggested, deeper cuts are advisable, then I do not believe that artificial barriers to achieving this goal should be put in place by this legislation.  I urge my colleagues to support the Kerrey Amendment and strike Section 1017 of this bill.  