 President, there are few in this body who have worked harder on this issue than my friend from Connecticut, and it has been a real pleasure to work with him on this legislation and on this issue.  The Iran Nonproliferation Act is an important piece of legislation which seeks to halt the flow of ballistic missile technology and other weapons of mass destruction from Russia to Iran. I strongly support Senate passage of this legislation.  Indeed, even as much of the U.S. focus in the past year--and rightly so, in my mind--has been on the peace process and Israel's relations with Syria and the Palestinians, there may be no greater long term threat to Israel's security and Middle East peace than an Iran actively seeking ballistic missiles and nuclear weapons.  That is why I believe that preventing the transfer of illegal nuclear and missile technology from Russia to Iran must be at the top of the U.S. policy agenda.  As my colleagues are aware, there have been numerous reports over thepast several years of Russian missile technology reaching Iran, sometimes with a semi-official wink from government authorities in Moscow, sometimes by rogue operators.  Either way, the Russian government must put a stop to these transfers.  As much as we want good relations with Russia, cooperation in this area is crucial. In some ways, I believe it is a litmus test of what sort of player Russia wants to be in the post-Cold War international system.  Although Russia has denied that any illegal transfers have taken place, it has taken some tangible steps in response to American concerns--such as the cancellation of a 1997 contract between a Russian missile factory (NPO Trud) and Iran in which rocket engine components were to have been shipped under the guise of gas pipeline compressors.  Unfortunately, despite such progress as cooperation with the NPO Trud contract, since issuing an Executive Order in 1998, the United States has been forced to sanction ten Russian entities for continuing to transfer technology for the development of advanced ballistic missiles and weapons of mass destruction, and the Central Intelligence Agency reports that Russian entities continue to provide Iran with assistance. Indeed, there are reportedly over 10,000 Russians in Iran helping Iran with these programs.  For its part, and despite some positive signs of moderation in Iran's politics--the recent elections notwithstanding--Iran has not yet moderated any of its policies with regard to the support of international terrorism or the pursuit of advanced ballistic missiles and weapons of mass destruction.  Iran has flight-tested the Shihab-3, a missile that can hit Israel and U.S. forces in the Middle East, and is continuing to work on other advanced missile designs, including those capable of delivering nuclear warheads.  Because of Russia's mixed record--and Iran's outright dangerous record--I believe that although we should try to build on Russia's record of cooperation, we must also be prepared to take tough action when the situation warrants. In other words, we must be prepared to work with Russia on this issue and offer them a carrot, but, if our interests and those of our friends and allies are threatened, we must also be prepared to use a stick.  To that end, last year I offered an amendment on the Department of Defense authorization bill, passed by the Senate, which stated that it is the sense of Congress that the U.S. should increase the quota on commercial space launch services provided by Russia if the Russian government demonstrates a sustained commitment to prevent the transfer from Russia to Iran, or other countries, of nuclear and missile technology.  I continue to believe that pending Russian cooperation this quota can be raised to 20 and, if Russia continues to cooperate, incrementally raised again in the coming years. Each launch provides Russia with approximately $100 million in hard currency. A $100 million carrot is a good incentive to cooperate.  The bill we consider before us today recognizes that in addition to such carrots, we must also be prepared to take tough action when necessary. The Iran Nonproliferation Act has two parts.  First, it requires the President to report credible information about any foreign entity providing dangerous technologies to Iran and authorize the President to sanction these entities in accordance with the President's own Executive Order.  Second, it requires that the President must certify that the Russian government opposes the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction to Iran and is taking steps to oppose such proliferation before the Russian Space Agency is provided with any additional U.S. taxpayer money beyond what has contracted for the International Space Station. These are funds which the U.S. is providing to Russia so that Russia can meet its own obligations to the International Space Station. If Russia and the Russian Space Agency cooperates with the U.S. on proliferation, then cooperation between Russia and Iran on the proliferation of advanced ballistic missiles and weapons of mass destruction must stop. If Russia and the Russian Space Agency cooperates with the U.S. on proliferation, then I believe we can work in partnership with them to increase commercial space launch and to provide funding for the International Space Station.  But there are few things more dangerous or destabilizing to U.S. interests and peace and security in the Middle East than a nuclear armed Iran which continues to support international terrorism. And if Russia does not recognize this and is not willing to work with the United States to build a more stable and more secure Middle East, then we must not shy away from taking the tough action necessary to get results.  