 President, I rise in strong support of S. 2603, the legislative branch appropriations bill for fiscal year 2001.  This is my second year as ranking member of the legislative branch subcommittee. I have been very proud to serve alongside our dedicated and distinguished subcommittee chairman, Senator Bennett. Senator Bennett isalways very open and very willing to discuss the various issues that arise in relation to this bill. He has been very accommodating to my concerns as well as those of other Senators. I think he has displayed great knowledge of the various Departments and Agencies that fall under the legislative branch. It has been a real pleasure working with him.  Thanks to the allocation to our Legislative Branch Subcommittee by the distinguished chairman of the full committee, Senator Stevens, and the ranking member, Senator Byrd, this appropriation is $145 million in budget authority greater than the House subcommittee's allocation, so the bill before us now restores the House cuts of 2,112 employees, including 438 Capitol Police officers.  Although we were not able to fully fund every agency's request, I believe the committee has distributed the scarce resources as fairly as possible, and we were able to make modest increases in most agency accounts above last year's level.  Overall spending is increased by 3.7 percent over last year's bill. In particular, I note that during markup of this year's bill, Chairman Bennett agreed to include committee report language recommended by Senator Mikulski, having to do with the need for better employee relations in the office of the Architect of the Capitol. Senator Mikulski came to the subcommittee hearing and questioned the Architect of the Capitol directly concerning these matters. As a result of her efforts, the committee report language directs the Architect of the Capitol to establish a position of employee advocate, in an effort to improve morale and employee relations in the office of the Architect.  In his remarks, Chairman Bennett has outlined for the Senate the various components of the bill, so I do not want to repeat that summary. I do, however, wish to point out to the Senate that for the Capitol Police, the subcommittee in that regard has included an appropriation of $109.6 million for fiscal year 2001. This is an increase of $22.8 million, or 26 percent over last year's enacted level of $86.8 million. This will fund 100 to 115 new Capitol Police officers.  The funding level, we believe, will enable the Capitol Police to implement the department's plan for posting two police officers at all key and critical entries and exits throughout the Capitol complex.  I take this opportunity to thank all Capitol Police officers for their really outstanding service to the Members, to this Capitol, and to the tens of thousands of visitors to the Capitol each year. They do a great job.  I know Senator Mikulski will be presenting a sense-of-the-Senate commendation to the Capitol Police, with which I strongly agree. I think it is important, because of what happened last year, to be able to really tell them how much we do appreciate their efforts. This can be a very thankless job, particularly when there are tens of thousands of visitors milling through the Capitol each and every week. So I think we both agree that they do a truly fine job and are, indeed, to be commended.  I also thank Chairman Bennett for agreeing to include language in the committee report about which he spoke, which I requested, relating to the proposed merger of the police forces at the Government Printing Office and the Library of Congress with the Capitol Police Force. This study will enable a careful feasibility analysis to be carried out and completed prior to any consolidation. The GAO report, I believe, can be done by July 1, giving the conference the opportunity to review its findings at that time. I understand Chairman Bennett's intentions in this area. He believes the proposed merger will result in greater efficiencies for the overall legislative branch police force. I believe it can be carried out in a way, as he just stated, that can maintain the upward mobility and career path for officers.  I share that hope, and I believe that prior to proceeding with such a merger, Congress should first have these views of the GAO to ensure that no unforeseen problems exist in relation to such a consolidation or merger. Chairman Bennett has agreed to that study, and the committee report ensures that the study will be completed by July 1.  In closing, I express appreciation and recognition to the very capable staff who assisted Chairman Bennett and myself with the legislative branch bill: Christine Ciccone, Chip Yost, Jim English, Edie Stanley, and Chris Kierig.  This is a very good bill. I urge my colleagues to give favorable consideration to its passage in the Senate.  I yield the floor.  