 President, I am pleased to co-sponsor the Specter-Harkin amendment to increase funding for health research by $2.7 billion, an increase of 15 percent over last year.  For Fiscal Year 2001, the President is requesting a 5.6 percent increase. That is not enough. Congress has shown its commitment to our five-year goal of doubling NIH funding. In 1997, the Senate voted 98-0 to adopt the Mack-Feinstein amendment, which urged Congress to double the budget of the National Institutes of Health over 5 years. To stay on target, we must add 15 percent again this year, bringing NIH funding to $20.5 billion. That is what this amendment does.  This Fiscal Year, the National Institutes of Health is only funding an estimated 31 percent of grant applications. The National Institute on Aging is only funding 22 percent, and the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences, 25 percent. NIH officials believe that at least 35 percent of applicants are worthy of funding and others say 50 percent should be funded. Without a significant increase in funding, hundreds of important projects will go without funding. What is it we aren't learning? How many millions of people aren't treated, or cured?  Every day 1,500 people in the U.S. die of cancer, our nation's second leading cause of death. This year over half a million people will die of cancer, and 1.2 million will face a new cancer diagnosis. While the mortality rate has dropped for major cancers, including lung, colorectal, breast, and prostate, the mortality rate has risen for liver cancer and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.  The National Cancer Institute has a number of promising areas of research, including: (1) better understanding the unique characteristics of cells and how they become cancerous; (2) molecule-directed prevention approaches, such as Herceptin for advanced breast cancer, Rituximab for non-Hodgin's lymphoma, and STI 571 for leukemia; and (3) early detection of cancer and cancer risk through genetic explanation for cancer risks, environmental influences, and responses to therapies. But we spend one-tenth of one cent of every federal dollar on cancer research.  There are still too many diseases for which we have no cure. AIDS has surpassed accidents as the leading killer of young adults; it is now the leading cause of death among Americans ages 25 to 44. Diabetes and asthma rates are rising. Forty-thousand infants die each year from devastating diseases. Seven to 10 percent of children are learning disabled. Birth defects affecting function occur in 7 percent of deliveries; that's 250,000 children.  Another compelling reason to double NIH funding is that the baby boom generation is getting older. Over the next 30 years, the number of Americans over age 65 will double. As our population ages, we are seeing an increase in chronic and degenerative diseases like arthritis, cancer, osteoporosis, Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. For example, the 4 million people with Alzheimer's Disease today will more than triple, to 14 million, by the middle of the next century--unless we find a way to prevent or cure it. Health care costs will grow exponentially and we see that in part reflected in our budget debates over Medicare and Medicaid expenditures. The total annual cost of Alzheimer's today is $100 billion. By finding new treatments through research, if we delay the onset of this disease by 5 years, we can save $50 billion annually.  This increase in funding for the NIH is important to California. California organizations receive 20 percent of all NIH grants, and the University of California is one of the top recipients of NIH funding. I am proud to say that California and the UC system contribute immeasurably to medical research supported by NIH grants. With support of NIH, many California researchers have helped find new cures and treatments. For example, Dr. Naomi Balaban at the University of California, Davis, with funding from the NIH, discovered a revolutionary way to fight staph infections without antibiotics by blocking the occurrences that make the bacteria harmful to humans. Then, she created a vaccine that successfully aided mice in resisting this infection.  We have made tremendous strides in medical research in the last decade. The Association of American Medical Colleges states, in a June 1999 paper on clinical research:       Perhaps the most profound challenge of this era is the      sheer scope of scientific and technologic opportunity. The      future of scientific advancement and its potential to      transform medical practice and improve the health of the      public have never been brighter. Astonishing advancements in      the basic sciences have profoundly increased understanding of      disease mechanisms and identified a plentitude of novel      targets for therapeutic and preventive interventions.  Better treatments are available, and scientists are learning more and more about how to treat diseases. Patient access to cutting-edge treatments is critical to further research and improve the health of Americans. The NIH is beginning to expand clinical research and, with additional funds, more people can reap the benefits of clinical trials and more effective treatments can be found.  For example, the NIH is working on a vaccine for AIDS, better treatments for diabetes, and a better understanding of the entire human genome and its implications. Understanding a person's genetic make-up is helping researchers understand how genes affect a person's susceptibility to disease. This year's development of a new flu drug is a direct result of AIDS research, and a drug now used to treat hepatitis B was originally created to treat AIDS. Additionally, studies have produced better glucose-sensing devices that will greatly reduce the number of finger pricks that diabetics endure.  The United States is the world's leader in understanding disease, in developing sophisticated treatments for illnesses and diseases, in making important medical discoveries, and in improving human life expectancy. Yet, we are spending only three cents of every health care dollar on health research. NIH's budget is less than one percent of the federal budget.  Inconsistent funding for the NIH discourages the medical community from pursuing research. According to the National Academy of Sciences, we are not producing enough research scientists. That is, in part, due to the uncertainty in health research funding.  Simply put, we can do better. We must try to ensure that all promising areas of research are pursued.  The public is with us. Fifty-five percent of Californians said they would spend one dollar more in taxes per week for medical research, and 55 percent of Americans said that it is important for the U.S. to remain a world leader in medical research. Every day, I hear from Californians who want a cure for their children, a better treatment for a parent, and more knowledge to prevent disease in themselves. I believe the public wants us to fight a war on disease and that the public sees medical research as a top priority for the federal government. I urge passage of this amendment.  