 President, I am pleased that the Senate today, by unanimous consent, passed H.R. 3235, the National Police Athletic League Youth Enrichment Act of 2000, a bill that will authorize the Department of Justice to provide grant money to police after-school programs to reduce crime and drug use. This bill is companion legislation to S. 1874, a bill introduced by Senator Graham, Senator Bingaman, and myself. The Senate bill has a total of 22 cosponsors.  I want to thank my colleagues in this body, particularly my friend Senator Hatch, for their support of this legislation. I also want to thank Representative Tom Barrett for his work on the bill, and Representatives Canady and Scott for helping shepherd the legislation through the House.  I also want to acknowledge the tremendous efforts of the Police Athletic League in spreading the word about the bill. In particular, Ron Exley of the California Police Activities League labored tirelessly to build support for the legislation.  H.R. 3235 would create a program directing the Department of Justice's Office of Justice Programs to award grants to the Police Athletic League, PAL, to establish new PAL chapters to serve public housing projects and other distressed areas and to expand existing chapters to assist additional youth.  To do this, the bill would authorize $16 million a year for 5 years beginning with fiscal year 2001. The money would be used to enhance the services provided by the existing 320 established PAL chapters and provide seed money for the establishment of an additional 250 chapters over 5 years.  The Police Athletic League was founded by police officers in New York City in 1914. Its mission is to offer an alternative to crime, drugs, and violence for our nation's most at-risk youth. In the last 75 years, PAL has become one of the largest youth-crime prevention programs in the nation, with a network of 1700 facilities serving more than 3000 communities and 1.5 million young people. Over one-third of existing PALs are in California, and these chapters serve more than 300,000 at-risk youth. Off-duty police officers staff local chapters, and PALs receive most of their funding from private sources.  PALs currently provide kids with after-school recreational, educational, mentoring, and crime prevention programs. By keeping kids busy and out of trouble, PALs have significantly reduced juvenile crime and victimization in hundreds of communities across the country. One study found, for example, that PALs have cut crime in Baltimore by 30 percent and decreased juvenile victimization there by 40 percent. Another study concluded that PAL reduced crime and gang activity in a HUD housing development in El Centro, California by 64 percent.  PAL programs involve close, positive interaction between kids and cops, encouraging youngsters to view the police in a favorable light and obey the law. The programs are generally held after school, during the prime hours that some youth turn to crime and other anti-social activities.  PAL programs more than pay for themselves, saving taxpayers millions of dollars in crime, drug, and dropout costs. The Department of Justice has found, for example, that each youngster who drops out of high school and turns to crime and drugs costs taxpayers a staggering $2-3 million. Even so, the legislation requires any new chapter seeking a grant to explain the manner in which it will operate without additional direct federal assistance when the act is discontinued.  In short, this valuable legislation will help fight crime and benefit kids in California and across the country. It will now go to President Clinton's desk for signature.  