 President, I rise today to join with Senators McConnell and Torricelli to introduce the Election Reform Act. I believe that this legislation will play an important role in improving elections in the United States.  The situation in Florida with different counties using different equipment, different standards and different methodologies in the conduct of the election is a clear indication that reform is needed. Although elections are within the purview of the states, if the Federal government can provide incentives and financial assistance to update equipment and administration to ensure that every vote counts, that would be a giant step forward.  Our democracy is based on the principle that our political leaders are chosen through a fair and accurate election process. While the aftermath of this year's election brought much disagreement, it is clear that the voting system is antiquated and in need of reform.  This legislation establishes a permanent, federal Commission dedicated to election administration. This Commission will consist of four Commissioners appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Commissioners will serve four-year terms, with no more than two Commissioners affiliated with the same political party.  The Commission would do the following: study various aspects of election administration and make periodic recommendations on such topics as ballot design, accuracy, security, and technological advances in voting equipment; develop and update voluntary standards for voting systems at least every four years; study accessibility to polling places and recommend voluntary guidelines to increase access to polling places; allocate $100 million in matching funds to States and localities that improve their voting systems in a manner consistent with voluntary recommendations developed by the Commission.  This legislation has the support of the Voting Integrity Project, the Committee for the Study of the American Electorate and the National Organization on Disability, the American Foundation for the Blind, and the Paralyzed Veterans of America.  As we move forward in the 21st century, it is essential that the all Americans, and nations throughout the world, continue to have confidence in our electoral process. This means modernizing the system to include new, cost-effective technologies that can improve election administration. The reforms embodied in this legislation will permit these advances. I am hopeful one of the first acts of the 107th Congress will be to pass this legislation.  