 President, I rise to add my support to the amendment of the distinguished Senator from New Mexico. I think this amendment is both needed and timely. It would provide emergency funding to address what has become a very dangerous fuel buildup on millions of acres of national forests.  In April of this year, the General Accounting Office released a report entitled ``Protecting People and Sustaining Resources in Fire Adapted Ecosystems, a Cohesive Strategy.'' The underpinning of this report is this comment:       The most expensive and serious problem relating to the      health of national forests in the interior west is the over-     accumulation of vegetation.  The report goes on to say that throughout much of the interior west, dense vegetation and dead material is continuing to accumulate. Each year in the absence of treatment, more forests become high risk, choked with dense accumulations of small trees and dead wood. These accumulations of fuel and more damaging fires are more dangerous and more costly to control, especially during drought years.  As the GAO report points out, many experts attach a sense of urgency to the management of these ecosystems. Because of the high proportion of the total area classified as high risk--in this report it is what is called class 3--combined with the fact that without treatment more vegetation will grow into these high-risk conditions, it is apparent that time is running out for a strategy to successfully avert high cost/high loss consequences.  That is the backdrop for this amendment. The amendment would provide emergency funding to move ahead on this program. Because dead and dying and small-diameter trees and thick underbrush have accumulated in our national forests, the possibility of serious and highly destructive forest fires have dramatically increased. Without any action on our part, it is going to continue to increase in the future.  Senator Domenici, several of our colleagues, and I share the belief that we have a true emergency on our hands. The Forest Service has identified 24 million acres of land in the continental United States as being at the absolute highest level of catastrophic fire risk. Almost fully one-third of this--7.8 million acres--lies in California. That is more than any other State.  Last year in my State--and we counted it forest fire by forest fire--over 700,000 acres of forest burned down. Several people lost their lives and dozens of structures were burned. Seventy-thousand of these acres were prime California spotted owl habitat in the Lassen and Plumas Forests.  Last year, $365 million was spent nationally by the Federal Government putting out fires and rehabilitating the land. Of this, $144 million, or approximately one-half of the U.S. total, was spent in one State; that is, California. I think the money would be much better spent preventing fire rather than cleaning up after that fire.  The entire Sierra Nevada mountain range national forests continue to be classified as the highest fire risk. This includes the newly designated Sequoia Monument, over 361,000 acres. It includes the Plumas and Lassen Forests in and around Quincy, where forest fires in the past have destroyed homes and businesses and spotted owl habitat. It includes areas such as the Lake Tahoe Basin, where one-third of the forests are either dead or dying. And the probability of major fire conflagration remains and grows each year. Such a fire would permanently destroy the water quality of the lake.  Through the turn of the 20th century, the U.S. population was predominantly spread out and agrarian. Forest fires burned naturally at fairly predictable intervals, and they burned hot enough to restrict encroaching vegetation and prevent fuel from loading up on the ground but not hot enough to kill old growths. Forests in the United States survived in this fashion for literally thousands of years.  By the middle of the 20th century, however, an increasing population began to occupy new urban wild land zones on what had once been forests. Suddenly, forest fires had to be put out or suppressed in order to protect the surrounding communities. It seemed intuitive to simply continue fighting fires as they arose and leave the forests untouched. So nothing was done to groom the forests, to remove dead and dying trees, to reduce undergrowth, to prevent subsequent conflagrations.  What is called ``fuel load'' has grown to astronomic proportions in many of our national forests. Dead and dying trees, which were no longer consumed by fire, lingered while brush began to build up at ground level. Newer, different species of trees, no longer stifled by natural fire, began to crowd out some of the older growth trees. Forests became crowded and severely fire prone.  Anyone who wants to look at that should get a copy of this report. On page 23 of the report it points out how our forests have changed in species composition and forest structure. The first picture taken is the forest in 1909. We see old growth trees; we see them spaced; we see very little vegetation on the ground. That is because there had been these hot, fierce fires in the past.  Next is a 1948 photo of that same part of the forest. We see changes. We see changes in the species composition, the structure, as fire had been excluded for many years.  In a picture in 1990, the area is totally dense and we cannot see through it. At that time--and most of our forests are like this now--we had an overabundance of vegetation. This stresses the site and predisposes the area to infestation from pests, disease outbreaks, and, of course, catastrophic fire.  That is where we are today.  It is evident to me that the Forest Service's decade-old policy of fire suppression has failed. It is time to look anew at how we can better manage our forests.  In California, for example, fire-intolerant Douglas and white fir have grown underneath old growth ponderosa pine. What is the result? The newer firs, which are not resistant to fire, create potential fuel ladders that permit a fire to reach the top, or what is called the crown, of old growths for the first time. Old growth pine which previously was impervious to fire, since rarely did a fire ever reach all the way up to its crown--with this new fuel ladder, fire threats to old growth pine have become very real.  Drought periods have further stressed the forests, predisposing them to infestations of pests, disease, and of course severe wildfire. The bark beetle has gone through the Tahoe forests like a forest fire. One can see miles of forests standing dead after an infestation. The dead trees remain, year after year after year.  California forests provide homes for dozens of endangered and threatened species, including the marbled murrelet and the spotted owl. It is an understatement to say that today the risk of fire is the most serious threat to these species. I really believe that to be true. It may be the most immediate short-term environmental threat our western forests face. That is why this amendment and this funding is so important. It is imperative that the Forest Service use all available tools to clean up the forests and reduce fire risks.  The one-size-fits-all approach of the Forest Service, I believe, must be changed. Each forest is different. Topography is different, geography is different, climate is different, soils are different, vegetation is different, the kind and type of trees are different, in different places throughout the United States. What is proper stewardship for a California forest may not be proper stewardship in Pennsylvania or Alaska or Montana. We have to look at the area and look at the fire risk differently. A flexibility of management must be employed to fix the problem. Dead and dying trees should be removed. Overgrowth should be thinned. Mechanical treatment and controlled burns must each be used separately and carefully in conjunction with each other. If we don't do this, incidents of serious fire will only continue to increase.  As I said, it is only a matter of time before a cataclysmic fire strikes Lake Tahoe, with potential loss of life, habitat, and property. Already, run-off and problems associated with erosion havethreatened Lake Tahoe's world-renowned crystal blue waters. The last time I was there, scientists told me that if we don't reverse the trend of eutrophication of the water, which removes its clear crystal blue look, in 10 years it will be too late and we might as well not bother. A serious fire could make this happen even sooner.  This amendment helps provide funding to remove dead and dying trees from Lake Tahoe National Forest where almost one-third of that forest today is dead or dying.  Last year, Senators Reid, Boxer, Bryan, and Congressman Doolittle, Congressman Gibbons, and I introduced the Lake Tahoe Restoration Act to authorize the necessary funding to deal with this problem. It is very timely that this bill will be marked up by the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee on Thursday and has already been marked up at the subcommittee level in the House.  The Domenici-Feinstein amendment could be used in that forest. It could almost be used in the Quincy area. In 1998, Congress overwhelmingly passed the Quincy Library Group Project.  This legislation authorized a 5-year demonstration project based on the forest management plan assembled by the Quincy Library Group, a coalition of local environmentalists, public officials, timber industry representatives, and just plain concerned citizens who came together in the Quincy Library so they could not yell at each other, to resolve longstanding conflicts over timber management of national forests in the area.  The project, which is only a pilot, is to see if there is not a better way to manage our forests by combining strategic fuel breaks with selected mechanical thinning and controlled burn. I have had some disagreements with the Forest Service in the past over Quincy, but I believe the project is back on track and I am determined to see, if I can, that funding is appropriated to complete the project to the letter of the law.  I want to quickly speak about one other thing. One of the possibly most cataclysmic fires could occur in the newly designated Sequoia National Monument. This is about 366,000 acres. Once the monument was declared, two timber mills closed down. I have been working with the community in that area to be able to put forward a removal of hazardous fuels. These trees are the largest trees in the world. Around these large trees have built up this dense underbrush, this fuel load that I have spoken about. If this is not removed, this underbrush creates the kind of fuel ladder that can effectively destroy the Sequoias.  The State of California additionally has prepared an adaptive management plan and had been working in the Sequoia area. What they showed was, as you clear certain limited areas around the giant Sequoias, that the giant Sequoias actually grew bigger and grew fatter and were much healthier for it. It is my hope that over the next few years we can reduce the fuel loading on 24 million acres that the Forest Service has identified as being at this level 3. Level 3 is the most significant fire threat. Then focus on the other 18 million acres at jeopardy.  Let me just recount. One-third of all of the national forests at catastrophic fire level in the United States are in the State of California. It is the entire Sierra Nevada range, it is the Sequoia, it is part of the Plumas and Lassen National Forests, and of course the Tahoe National Forest. There is, indeed, a lot to be done if we are not only to protect our endangered species but also protect the property and the people who live in these areas as well.  I think Senator Domenici's legislation is timely. It is well thought out. I think making this an emergency and moving in the class 3 areas and being able to remove this underbrush is a major step forward in prudent forestry management all throughout the West.  I thank the Senator. It was a delight to work with him. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Crapo). The Senator from Idaho.  