 President, I will quickly read the paragraph to which the ranking member alluded. I believe it is worthwhile for everybody to hear this. Judge Hug said:       I might make one other observation--I have noted that the      reversal rate of the Supreme Court in one unusual year, 1996-     97, has assumed some importance in the hearings.  These are the hearings on confirmation.       Even in that year, when the Ninth Circuit's reversal rate      was 95 percent, it was less than five other circuits--the      Fifth, Second, Seventh and Federal Circuits--all with a 100      percent reversal rate. In the 1997-98 term, the Ninth      Circuit's reversal rate was 76 percent, equivalent to that of      the First Circuit's 75 percent and less than the Sixth and      Eleventh Circuits' 100 percent reversal rate. In the 1998-99      term, the Ninth Circuit's reversal rate was 78 percent,      equivalent to the Second and Federal Circuits' 75 percent and      less than the Fifth Circuit's 80 percent, the Seventh      Circuit's 80 percent, and the Eleventh Circuit's 88 percent      reversal rates.  Once again, the Chief Judge of the Ninth Circuit attests that the Ninth Circuit's reversal rate is substantially in the middle of the pack of all the circuits. I hope the record stands corrected.  I want to speak about the two judges before us and indicate my strong support for the appointment of both Judge Paez and Mrs. Berzon.  Judge Paez has been before this body for 4 years. He has had two hearings and has been reported out of committee twice. Marsha Berzon has been before this body for 2 years, and she has had two hearings and been reported out of committee once.  I have sat as ranking member on one of her hearings. It was equal in the quality and numbers of questions to any Supreme Court hearing on which I have sat, and I have sat on two of them. She was asked detailed questions on the law, questions about her performance, questions about her background, and, I say to this body, she measured up every step of the way. She is a brilliant appellate lawyer, and she has represented both business clients as well as trade union clients.  Judge Paez has 19 years of experience as a judge and 6 years as a Federal court judge. I will speak about his record on criminal appeals.  According to the Westlaw database, 32 of his criminal judgments have been appealed; 28 of these were affirmed. The Circuit Court dismissed two appeals for lack of jurisdiction, remanded one for further proceedings, and one judgment was affirmed in part or reversed in part. That is an 87-percent affirmance rate. That is pretty good.  Judge Paez has not been reversed on a criminal sentence. Of his 28 criminal affirmances, they include 6 cases where a sentence he imposed was upheld by the appellate court; 4 involved his decision to enhance the defendant's defense level within the guidelines, actually giving the offender a tougher sentence, and 2 involved Judge Paez's refusal to grant a downward departure.  Judge Paez was also named Federal criminal judge of the year by the Century City Bar Association.  As I have looked at this case and listened to members in the Judiciary Committee, a lot of the objection seems to come down to one speech he made at the University of California Boalt Hall where he criticized a proposition on the ballot which was a very incendiary ballot measure in California. It was Proposition 209, and that may have been somewhat intemperate.  My point is, one comment does not outweigh 19 years of good judicial service, 6 of them on the Federal court. I believe strongly that both these nominees deserve confirmation today.  I thank the Chair.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bunning). The Senator from Alaska is recognized.  