 It would give victims in these communities rights our criminal justice system often deny them through bureaucratic neglect and casual racism.  Among the many supporters of the amendment, for example, is a group called Racial Minorities for Victim Justice. This group includes Norm Early, the former district attorney of Denver, CO, and the founding president of the National Black Prosecutors' Association. It includes Joseph Myers, executive director of the National Indian Justice Center; David Osborne, an Asian American who is assistant secretary of the State in California; Azim Khamisa; Christine Lopez; Steven Njemanze. The group includes minority victims such as Teresa Baker, whose rights were denied after her son was coldbloodedly murdered in Maryland; Clementine Garfield, whose two teenage sons were shot in Detroit; Sarah Fletcher, whose husband Reginald, son Ricky, daughter Crystal, and unborn granddaughter were all murdered. They wrote me an eight-page letter laying out their thoughts about the amendment. I will read some of that letter.       The undersigned are founding members of Racial Minorities      for Victim Justice which strongly support Senate Joint      Resolution 3, the Crime Victims' Rights Constitutional      Amendment. We are aware that some groups that seek      conscientiously to speak for the interests of racial      minorities have expressed opposition to your proposed      amendment. We claim some understanding of the fundamental      concerns that guide their position--concerns we share--but we      also believe that they have reached the wrong conclusion on      this issue.       To put it in the simplest terms, no one in our society      stands to benefit more from the adoption of the Victims'      Rights Amendment than people of color--for it is our people      that suffer the highest rates of victimization in the Nation.       Let us start with some common ground on which the great      majority of racial minorities stand in this country.      Historically, we have had deep suspicions of the agencies of      criminal justice. Speaking specifically of the African      American experience, it was the agents of criminal justice      who were the enforcers of the Fugitive Slave Act and all the      Jim Crow laws--often with lawless brutality.       While we are proud of recent progress to end this pattern      of bigotry in the administration of justice--proud because      African Americans and other minorities have led the way in      reforming these practices--we are not so naive as to believe      that our criminal justice system has grown altogether color-     blind.       More than most Americans, we believe criminal justice has      become too fearful of people of color, too punitive toward      minority offenders, with too few opportunities for their      treatment and rehabilitation.       This is where we share common ground with most members of      the minority communities in America. What we cannot      understand, however, is why some in those communities have      concluded that one way to bring justice agencies into harmony      with our higher ideals is to deny the victims of crime any      effective and enforceable rights. To us, that makes no sense.      We do nothing to improve the fair treatment of minority      defendants by impeding the fair treatment of minority      victims.  I couldn't agree with that more. They go on to say:       Leaders of America's criminal defense bar have testified      frequently and heatedly against passage of the Crime Victims'      Rights Amendment, citing amorphous dangers to defendants'      rights and liberties. And how many cases did they cite where      their millions of clients had run afoul of some overzealous,      unfair and harmful interpretation of a crime victim's rights      already provided in State Constitutions? Two hundred? Twenty?      Two? Not even one!       It is important to understand that victims' rights statutes      echoing those in the proposed Amendment are to be found on      the books of every state--buttressed by constitutional      amendments in 32 of them. While compliance with those laws is      woefully spotty (more on that below) it is fair to estimate      that in hundreds of thousands of cases, the victims rights      were fully implemented, giving rise to not one single appeal      as to the fairness of the application of those laws.       In our opinion, people of color should be especially      outraged at these disproportionate deprivations of our legal      and human rights, for it is our minority communities who      disproportionately suffer the pain of criminal victimization.  I agree with that very much. There is perhaps none but, at most, very few minority victims of violent crime who can afford the counsel to process their rights under State constitutions, under State laws, or under the patchwork of laws to protect victims across this Nation at this time. Every time, if they do, they will eventually lose because the rights of the defendants or the accused are deeply embedded in the heart of this great Constitution. They will find that, in effect, as they press a case in court, they have no standing under the Constitution of the United States. That is what this is all about, to give victims standing in the Constitution of the United States. No case demonstrated that more clearly than the Oklahoma City bombing case.  As we sum up, I will quickly refresh why that is the case. We had passed two statutes--one in 1990--which allowed victims to watch the trial and testify at sentencing. The Victims of Crime Bill of Rights, a 1990 law, passed by the House, passed by the Senate, and signed by the President, references the right to be present at all public court proceedings related to the offense, unless the court determines that testimony by the victim would be materially affected if the victim heard other testimony at the trial. In spite of that statute, the court denied the prosecutors' request. The victims made a similar request, and the court denied that request, holding that victims lacked standing to raise their rights under that statute.  The prosecutors and the victims were not satisfied. They both had good attorneys, Washington attorneys, Paul Cassell, distinguished attorneys. They appealed that to the Court of Appeals of the Tenth Circuit. As Professor Cassell, one of the lawyers put it:       Three months later, a panel of the Tenth Circuit rejected--     without oral argument--both the victims' and the United      States' claims on jurisdictional grounds. With respect to the      victims' challenges, the court concluded that the victims      lacked ``standing'' under Article III of the Constitution      because they had no ``legally protected interest'' to be      present at the trial and consequently had suffered no      ``injury in fact'' from their exclusion. The Tenth Circuit      also found that victims had no right to attend     the trial under any First Amendment right of access. Finally,      the Tenth Circuit rejected, on jurisdictional grounds, the      appeal and mandamus petition filed by the United States.      Efforts by both the victims and the Department to obtain a      rehearing were unsuccessful, even with the support of      separate briefs urging rehearing from 49 members of Congress,      all six Attorneys General in the Tenth Circuit, and some of      the leading victims groups in the nation.  We heard about that. We responded with alacrity. The House passed the Victims' Rights Clarification Act of 1997. That statute said, notwithstanding any statute, any rule or other provision of law, a U.S. district court shall not order any victim of an offense excluded from the trial of a defendant accused of that offense because such victim may, during the sentencing hearing, testify as the effect of the offense on the victim and the victim's family or as to any other factor for which notice is required. That is clear. We cleared it up. We gave them standing by law, passed by the House, passed by the Senate, signed by the President of the United States. But the district court then said that this statute might be unconstitutional and postponed a decision until after the trial. So the judge paid no attention to the House of Representatives, the Senate of the United States, or to the signature of the President of the United States.  This is why we press this cause today. This is why we do not believe that a statute will ever be adequate to give victims basic rights. Push sort of comes to shove. There is an old expression called ``carrying water on both shoulders.'' It is sometimes a way that people feel, in our business--that they can appease a group by saying, oh, something else will do. This case, to me, is irrevocable evidence that the challenge of making a statute work is extraordinarily difficult to give any minority or impoverished victim any meaningful right in real life. So we intend to continue to press this case.  I want to ask the distinguished Senator from Arizona now that he has heard the outline of what happened--some people have criticized me, I think, because I have used this case over and over again, but it is the only clearly definable case we have following the passage of two laws passed by our bodies to make a judgment--and, true, we are making that judgment just on the Tenth Circuit Court--nonetheless, does the Senator not believe it is an applicable judgment to add to this to confirm the fact that a statute probably won't work in this situation?  