 President, I rise today in support of the Amendment by the distinguished Senator from West Virginia. In supporting this Amendment, however, I would like to make clear my views on the question of the repeal of the federal gas tax.  I do not think that, under present circumstances, repeal of the federal gas tax is necessary or warranted. Yes, gas prices have gone up precipitously over the past several months--to more than $2 a gallon in California--but there is some evidence that prices may now be easing.  More important, I have discussed this issue with the chief executive officers of several major U.S. oil companies, and none could promise that any of these savings would be passed on to consumers. Market forces--supply and demand--dictate how much, if any, of a fuel tax cut would be seen at the pump.  For California, repealing more than 9 cents of the federal gasoline tax merely triggers an automatic increase in the state gasoline tax. Under the California tax code, if the federal gas tax drops below 9 cents per gallon and if Federal Highway Trust Fund payments to California are reduced accordingly, the state tax goes up.  In other words, if all federal fuel taxes are eliminated and funding for the highway trust fund is therefore reduced, the overall tax will remain the same in California and Californians hurt by high gasoline prices will not benefit.  I am also concerned that repeal of the federal fuel tax may endanger the Highway Trust Fund and imperil important highway projects. The highway trust fund, which is funded by the federal fuel tax, provides about half a billion dollars a year for California, money which is used to seismically retrofit bridges to protect them against earthquakes; replace the I-80, which was destroyed by the 1992 earthquake; repair potholes; and otherwise maintain our roads and bridges.  The bottom line is that the current spike in gas prices is due to a supply squeeze: There is simply not enough oil in the market to meet demand. Although I was pleased that members of OPEC, as well as Norway, Mexico, and Venezuela, have agreed to increase production somewhat, it is still unclear if these production increases will be sufficient to meet demand over the next several months.  For that reason, I think it is important to underscore that just as I do not feel we should repeal the federal fuel tax now, I do not believe we should precipitously foreclose our options.  Alongside initiatives to increase fuel efficiency and develop alternate sources, suspension or repeal of a portion of the federal fuel tax in a way that benefits the consumer and does not harm highway spending may be necessary later if this crisis does not ease, and I intend to continue keeping a close eye on this issue.  