 President, I rise in strong support of S.J. Res. 14, a proposed constitutional amendment to protect our national flag from physical desecration.  S.J. Res. 14 would give Congress, and Congress alone, the authority to draft a statute to protect the flag. It would give Congress the opportunity to construct, deliberately and carefully, precise statutory language that clearly defines the contours of prohibitive conduct.  At the outset, let me say that amending the Constitution is serious business, indeed. I know that, and I know we need to tread carefully. The Constitution is, after all, democracy's sacred text. But the Constitution is also a living text. As originally conceived, it had no Bill of Rights. In all, it has been amended 27 times.  If the Constitution is democracy's sacred text, then the flag is our sacred symbol. In the words of Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens, it is ``a symbol of our freedom, of equal opportunity, of religious tolerance, and of good will for other peoples who share our aspirations.'' [dissenting opinion in Texas v. Johnson, 491 U.S. at 437 (1989)]  If the flag had no symbolic value, we would not get chills when we see it lowered to half-mast or draped on a coffin. We wouldn't feel so much pride when we see it flying in front of our homes or at our embassies abroad. I wonder, is there any of us who can forget that wonderful Joe Rosenthal photograph of the six Marines hoisting that flag on the barren crag of Mount Suribachi, after the carnage at Iwo Jima, where over 6,800 American soldiers were killed. There have been many photographs of soldiers. There has been no photograph I know of that so endures in our mind's eye, that has carried so much symbolism, as that one. I remember seeing it because the San Francisco Chronicle ran it on the front page during World War II. I was just a small child, but from that point on, I knew the flag was something special.  People speak metaphorically about the fabric of our society and how it has become frayed. I submit that in a very real sense, our flag is the physical fabric of our society, knitting together disparate peoples from distant lands, uniting us in a common bond, not just of individual liberty but also of responsibility to one another. As such, the flag is more precious to us, perhaps, than we may even know.  The flag flies over government buildings throughout the country. It flies over our embassies abroad, a silent but strong reminder that when in those buildings, one is on American soil and afforded all the protections and liberties enjoyed back home.  Constitutional scholars as diverse as Chief Justices William Rehnquist and Earl Warren and Associate Justices Stevens and Hugo Black have vouched for the unique status of the national flag. In 1974, Byron White said:       It is well within the powers of Congress to adopt and      prescribe a national flag and to protect the unity of that      flag. . . [T]he flag is an important symbol of nationhood and      unity, created by the Nation and endowed with certain      attributes.'' [Smith v. Goguen, 415 U.S. at 585-87 (1974)]  Justice White continued, ``[T]here would seem to be little question about the power of Congress to forbid the mutilation of the Lincoln Memorial or to prevent overlaying it with words or other objects. The flag is itself a monument, subject to similar protection.''  I could not agree more with the opinion of Justice White: ``The flag is itself a monument, subject to similar protection.'' Since that time, unfortunately, a narrow majority of the Supreme Court has now ruled twice that this great symbol of our national unity is not protected under the Constitution. So that is why we are here today, to begin the process of protecting the flag, which is a symbol of all the protections we are afforded as Americans and all the liberties we enjoy.  The flag flying over our Capitol Building today, the flag flying over my home in San Francisco, each of these flags, separated by distance but not in symbolic value, is its own monument to everything America represents. It should be protected as such.  Our history books are replete with stories of American soldiers who were charged with the responsibility of leading their units into battle by carrying our Nation's flag. To them, it was more than a task, it was an honor worth dying for, and many did. When one soldier would fall, another would take his place, raise the flag, and press forward. They would not fail. Their mission was too important, the honor too great, flag and country too respected to give anything short of the last full measure of their devotion, their lives, to succeed.  The American flag is a revered object as well as a national symbol. Indeed, it is our monument in cloth. I believe it should be viewed as such, and not simply as something that serves as one of many vehicles for free speech.  Everything about the flag--its tangible form, its very fabric--has significance. The shape, the colors, the dimensions, and the arrangement of the pattern help make the flag what it is. The colors were chosen at the Second Continental Congress in 1777. We all know them well: Red for heartiness and courage; white for purity and innocence; blue for vigilance, perseverance, and justice.  Moreover, our flag is recognized as unique not only in the hearts and minds of Americans but in our laws and customs as well. No other emblem or symbol in our Nation carries with it such a specific code of conduct and protocol in its display and handling.  For example, Federal law specifically prescribes that the flag should never be displayed with its union down, except as a signal of dire distress or in instances of extreme danger to life or property. When a flag is flown upside down, it is in fact a signal of distress.  The U.S. flag should never touch anything beneath it: neither ground, floor, water, or merchandise. The U.S. flag should never be dipped to any person or thing. And the flag should never be carried horizontally but should always be carried aloft and free.  Why, then, should it be permissible conduct to burn, to desecrate, to destroy this symbol, this emblem, this national monument? That is not my definition of free speech.  For the first two centuries of this Nation's history, that was not the Supreme Court's definition of free speecheither. In fact, until the Court's 1989 decision in Texas v. Johnson, 48 of the 50 States had laws preventing burning or otherwise defacing our flag.  As I said at the outset, I don't take amending the Constitution lightly. But when the Supreme Court issued the Johnson decision and the subsequent United States v. Eichman decision [496 U.S. 310 (1990)], those of us who want to protect the flag were forced to find an alternative path.  In the Johnson case, the Supreme Court, by a 5-4 vote, struck down a State law prohibiting the desecration of American flags in a manner that would be offensive to others. The Court held that the prohibition amounted to a content-based regulation. By design, at least according to the Court, the lawfulness of Johnson's conduct could only be determined by the content of his expression. As a result, the Texas statute could not survive the strict scrutiny required by legal precedent, so the Court struck it down.  After the Johnson case was decided, Congress passed the Flag Protection Act of 1989. That Act prohibited all intentional acts of desecrating the American flag and was, therefore, not a content-based prohibition on speech or expression. Nevertheless--and this is the point why a statute won't do--another narrow majority of the Supreme Court acted quickly to strike down the Federal statute as well, ruling that it suffered the same flaw as the Texas statute in the Johnson decision and was consequently inconsistent with the First Amendment. That 5-4 decision makes today's discussion necessary.  I support S.J. Res. 14 because it offers a way to return the Nation's flag to the protected status it deserves. The authority for a nation to protect its central symbol of unity was considered constitutional for two centuries. It was only a decade ago that a narrow majority of the Supreme Court told us otherwise.  It is important to point out that S.J. Res. 14 is not intended to protect ephemeral images or representations of the flag but only the physical flag itself. In other words, this amendment is not intended to restrict the display of images of the American flag on articles of clothing, patches, or similar items. This amendment would only protect the flag itself.  Because we are protecting our national symbol, it makes sense to me that Members of Congress, representing the Nation as a whole, should craft the statute protecting our flag.  I also believe the amendment is consistent with free speech. I disagree with those who say we are making a choice between trampling on the flag and trampling on the first amendment. Protecting the flag, circumscribing certain conduct, will not prevent people from expressing their ideas through other means in the strongest possible terms.  I support this amendment because I believe flag burning is content, not speech, and can be regulated as such. But to my friends who would argue otherwise, I remind them that even the right to free speech is not unrestricted. For example, the Government can prohibit speech that threatens to cause imminent tangible harm, including face-to-face ``fighting words'', incitement to violate our laws, or shouting ``fire'' in a crowded theater. Obscenity and false advertising are not protected under the first amendment, and indecency over the broadcast media can be limited to certain times of day.  Even Justice William Brennan's decision in New York Times Co. v. Sullivan [376 U.S. 253 (1964)] accepted that some speech (in that case, known false statements criticizing official conduct of a public official) may be sanctioned.  There is much that is open to debate about the proper parameters of free speech. In the dissent to the 1990 Eichman case, Justice Stevens wrote that certain methods of expression may be prohibited if three criteria can be met:  First, the prohibition must be supported by a legitimate societal interest unrelated to the ideas the speaker desires to express. I believe protecting the flag meets the first test. It does not matter why an individual chooses to desecrate a flag--all desecration is equally prohibited.  Second, the speaker must be free to express his or her ideas through other means. Again, a law protecting the flag does nothing to keep an individual from expressing his or her views through speech or countless other activities.  Third, societal interest must outweigh the ability of an individual to choose among every possible form of speech. In this case, I believe the significance of the flag--its value as a symbol of freedom and democracy throughout the world, its ability to bring us together as a nation, and the effect its destruction has on many Americans--clearly outweighs the need to protect an individual's ability to express his or her views in every conceivable way.  Is anyone here convinced that desecrating a flag might be the only way for someone to express an opinion?  I recognize that by supporting a constitutional amendment to protect the flag, I am choosing a different course from many of my fellow Democrats in Congress and, quite frankly, from many of my close friends for whom I have the greatest respect. But my support for this amendment reflects my broader belief that the time has come for the Nation to begin a major debate on its values. We need to ask ourselves what we hold dear--is there anything upon which we will not cast our contempt?  How can we foster respect for tradition as well as ideological diversity? How can we foster community as well as individuality? These are all important values, and we must learn to reconcile them. We must not advance one value at the expense of another.  The framers of the Constitution recognized two important elements in our constitutional tradition--liberty and responsibility. Without responsibility, without the rule of law, there could be no protection of life, limb, or property--there could be no lasting liberty. I believe there is a danger in moving too far in either direction--toward too restrictive order, or toward unfettered individual liberty.  The key is the balance. In this instance, I believe we cannot tilt the scales entirely in favor of individual rights when there exists a vast community of people in this country who have gone to war for our flag.  There are mothers and fathers, wives, husbands, and children who have received that knock on their front door and have been told their son or daughter, husband or wife, father or mother has been killed in the line of duty. They have been given a flag on this occasion, a flag which helps preserve the memory of their loved one and which speaks to his or her courage. That is the symbol, that is the emblem, that is the national monument.  Requiring certain individuals to stop defacing or burning the flag, I think, is a very small price to pay on behalf of millions of Americans for whom the flag has deep personal significance.  Less than a decade ago, when 48 States had laws against flag burning, there was no less free speech. And if this amendment is adopted, the First Amendment will continue to thrive. I believe S.J. Res. 14 will protect the integrity of the flag and keep our First Amendment jurisprudence intact.  While expressing my support for S.J. Res. 14, I briefly want to explain why I oppose the amendment my colleague from Kentucky, Mr. McConnell, offered. His amendment, derived from the text of S. 982, would have had the effect of replacing the constitutional language with statutory language.  However well-intentioned and earnest the Senator was in offering the amendment, I believe it was flawed. The Supreme Court, following its rulings in Texas v. Johnson and U.S. v. Eichman, would certainly strike it down as violative of the First Amendment. We have been down this road before.  The Johnson and Eichman decisions stipulate that neither Congress nor the States may provide any special protection for the flag. In both decisions, the Court made it clear that special legal protections for the American flag offend the Court's concept of free speech. Because the Court views the flag itself as an object of symbolic speech and not as a monument, any conduct taken with regard to the flag constitutes protected expression, as well. So we cannot overrule such a notion with a statute. That is why, clearly and simply, we need a constitutional amendment. And that is why I stand today to support that amendment.  I yield the floor.  