 President, I know there is a great deal of discussion going on about the marriage penalty tax. I wanted to stay out of the politics of it, if I could, and just speak about the merits of the proposals for a few moments.  Essentially, what we have are three proposals: the Finance Committee proposal of $248 billion, over 10 years; the Moynihan proposal, which is the Democratic proposal, of $150 billion over 10 years; and then I believe a proposal that is really worthy of very serious consideration by this body, and one which I would support, which is a proposal by Senator Evan Bayh of Indiana for $90 billion over 10 years.  I believe this proposal is the most sensible and most fiscally responsible way to go about addressing the issue. More than 21 million couples suffer from the marriage tax penalty. In my State, there are close to 3 million of them.  I think providing marriage tax penalty relief is a measure of common sense and a measure of decency. The Tax Code not only can be used for revenue producing, but it is also used to encourage behavior that one believes one should encourage. Certainly getting married is a behavior that one wishes to encourage.  Who generally believes that the marriage tax penalty is unfair? They are young couples. They are getting married. Both of them work. They find out, for the first time, they actually pay more taxes if they get married than they do if they remain single.  These people are generally under the $100,000 earning limit. I have never heard anyone at the top brackets say they find the marriage tax penalty to be unfair. But I have heard considerable testimony from young couples getting married, young professionals: My goodness, we have to pay this penalty. Why is it? How is it fair?  Senator Bayh's proposal strikes right at that heart, and it does so in a way that you can say and I can say--every one of us in this body can say--we eliminate the marriage tax penalty for those earning under $120,000 all across this land within 4 years. I think it is simple. I think it is direct. It is cost effective. And it gets the job done. I think it makes a great deal of sense.  The targeted Marriage Tax Penalty Relief Act provides significant relief by creating a dollar-for-dollar tax credit, calculated by the taxpayer, using a simple worksheet, which offsets and eliminates the marriage penalty for families making under $120,000. The credit is phased out at $140,000.  The bill would also broaden the availability of the earned-income tax credit for low-income working families.  Under this legislation, half of all taxpayers with marriage penalties will have their penalties eliminated the first year. By 2004, it completely eliminates the penalty on earned income for all couples making under $120,000. That is approximately 17.5 million couples.  If you look at the fact that the impact of the majority proposal by the Finance Committee eliminates most of the marriage tax penalty on 21.6 million couples who currently face penalties by year 10, and provides a bonus--this does not provide a bonus; the phaseout in that bill is over 10 years--the phase in the Bayh bill is over 4 years. In the Moynihan bill, 21.6 million couples who currently incur a marriage tax penalty would find relief by year 10.  The beauty of this bill is that all of the marriage tax penalty is eliminated for 17.5 million people by year 4. And less than 10 percent of all households earn more than $120,000 a year. So, effectively, it covers not only 17.5 million people, but it covers over 90 percent of the population who would be affected. It does it at a cost that is much lower than the other two bills--$90 billion.  What I like about it is it gives us the opportunity to actually see tax reduction happen, to actually say that within 4 years the marriage penalty tax is completely eliminated for working families earning under $120,000 a year. We do it for a modest amount of $90 billion over 10 years.  The other bills deal with all kinds of different so-called hidden penalties, but those are not the real things that I think impact the people's drive to eliminate the marriage penalty. It is what happens when you get married. It is the increase in the tax when you get married. This is entirely eliminated within a 4-year period of time. I support Senator Bayh's proposal, and I will be pleased, when he offers it, to be a cosponsor of it. I hope it will have very serious debate and discussion before this body.  I thank the Chair and yield the floor.  