 President, I rise to oppose the Thompson amendment, and then I hope I can make a few comments on what I believe to be one of the most important pieces of legislation on which this Congress will be voting. Let me begin by saying this. If I believed this amendment would keep our country safe, I would vote for it. I do not believe that is the case. Rather, I believe the amendment is deeply flawed and it has major procedural and review problems. I want to point those out.  Let me say, first of all, to most of us, the draft of this amendment was available Monday night, a little more than a day ago. Yet it is a major, long-range piece of legislation that has major implications for national security, for peace, and stability in the Asia Pacific region. To pass it without careful analysis, without full hearings, and without careful judgment is something to which I am not willing to be a party. There have been no hearings on this or any draft of this legislation. The National Security Council and the State Department have not had the opportunity to provide a full analysis of this latest version of the amendment or assess its likely short- and long-term impact.  I am one of those who believes it would, in fact, doom giving China permanent normal trading status. I am simply not willing to do that. Most importantly, from what I have been able to perceive, I believe the legislation has serious flaws.  First, it focuses on three countries. It separates them from all the other countries. It applies a standard to them that exists for no one else. And I do not believe that is in the best interests of sound decisionmaking.  Second, the mandatory sanctions put in place by this amendment have hair triggers which are tripped by minimal evidence--indeed not necessarily even evidence. The raw intelligence data that provides the ``credible information'' trigger of this amendment requires followup, substantiation, and analysis before it is used to initiate action. It should be the starting point for processes that weigh options and consider appropriate action, not an end point that instantly triggers strong responses.  Let me give you one example: In 1993, the Yin He incident, where based on ``credible information'' the United States publicly accused China of shipping proscribed chemical precursors to Iran. The Chinese freighter in question was diverted and every single container searched, at great cost and inconvenience to all involved. There were no banned chemicals aboard. The Thompson amendment would have mandated sanctions.  Second, there is no way to target the sanctions which would be triggered by this amendment, and no effective Presidential waiver for national security interests. It is a blunt instrument more likely to hurt American interests than to change China's behavior.  Third, the amendment invites diplomatic and, yes, maybe even legal problems with other countries, including allies. The amendment as drafted could create a situation whereby sanctions would be placed on corporations of allied countries that are not acting illegally.  Fourth, especially chilling is the way in which the amendment's wording could, in effect, blacklist any company tagged as a proliferating agent under this amendment's low standard of proof.  These are just a few of the examples of some of the problems with this amendment. Several of my colleagues have discussed other shortcomings at greater length.  Automatic sanctions set off by low thresholds of evidence offer little to entice allies to join us in implementing an effective sanctions regime, but they most certainly will damage U.S.-China relations. They most certainly will weaken our ability to engage the Chinese in any kind of worthwhile dialog or influence them to change their behavior.  I urge my colleagues to join me in opposition to this amendment.  Let me, if I might, say a few things about the bilateral agreement that really is the issue before us today. I reviewed it carefully, and I believe that in this agreement China has made significant market-opening concessions to the United States across virtually every economic sector.  For example, on agricultural products, tariffs will drop from an average of 31 percent to 14 percent by January of 2004. Industrial tariffs will fall from an average of 24.6 percent in 1997 to 9.4 percent by 2005.  China agrees to open up distribution services, such as repair and maintenance, warehousing, trucking, and air courier services.  Import tariffs on autos, now ranging between 80 percent and 100 percent, are broken down to 25 percent by 2006 with tariff reductions accelerated.  China will participate in the Information Technology Agreement and will eliminate tariffs on products such as computers, semiconductors, and related products by 2005.  It will open its telecommunications sector, including access to China's growing Internet services, and expand investment and other activities for financial services firms.  The agreement also preserves safeguards against dumping and other unfair trade practices. Specifically, the ``special safeguard rule''--to prevent import surges into the United States--will remain in force for 12 years, and the ``special anti-dumping methodology'' will remain in effect for 15 years.  No matter how you look at it, this benefits the United States.  I think many people have confused this PNTR vote with a vote to approve China joining the World Trade Organization. It needs to be understood that China will likely join the WTO within the next year regardless of our action. The issue will, in fact, be decided by the WTO's working group and a two-thirds vote of the WTO membership as a whole.  Under WTO rules, only the countries that have ``nondiscriminatory'' trade practices--that is PNTR--are entitled to receive the benefit of WTO agreements. Without granting China permanent normal trading status, the United States effectively cuts itself out of China's vast markets, while Britain, Japan, France, and all other WTO nations are allowed to trade with few barriers.  In my view, this has been an interesting exercise because it has been highly politicized. The bottom line is if we don't grant China PNTR based on the November bilateral agreement, an agreement in which the United States received many important trade concessions and gave up nothing, we effectively shoot ourselves in the foot. We take ourselves out of the agreement, China still goes into the WTO, and those other strategic trading blocks such as the European Union receive the benefits of the bilateral agreement. We do not.  I think it is much broader than this. But I think there is an ultimate issue at stake. That is this: The People's Republic of China is today undergoing its most significant period of economic and social activity since its founding 50 years ago. The pace is fast and the changes are large.  I am one who studies Chinese history. I have been watching China for over 30 years. I made my first trip in 1979. I try to visit China every year, if I can, and I have watched and I have seen.  In a relatively short time, China has become a key Pacific rim player, and a major world trader. It is a huge producer and consumer of goods and services--a magnet for investment and commerce. Because of its size and potential, the choices China makes over the next few years will greatly influence the future of peace and prosperity in Asia.  In a very real sense, the shaping of Asia's future begins with choices America will make in how to deal with China.  I come from a Pacific rim State; 60 percent of the people of the world live on both sides of the Pacific Ocean. The trade on that ocean long ago over took the trade on the Atlantic Ocean. It is, in fact, the ocean of the future.  We can try to engage China and integrate it into the global community. We can be a catalyst for positive change. Few objective observers would argue that despite the problems that still remain, there have not been significant benefits and advances in China that have come from two decades of interaction with the United States and the West. Or, we can deal antagonistically with China. We can lose our leverage in guiding China along positive paths of economic, political, and social development, and sacrifice business advantage to competitor nations while gaining nothing in return.  As I see it, for the foreseeable future America faces no greater challenge than the question of how to persuade China that it is in China's own national interests to move away from authoritarian government and toward a more open, a more pluralistic and freer society. How do we convince China to make the political, economic and social changes that will help China evolve the leadership that will make it guarantor of peace and stability in the Pacific rim, throughout Asia and the world?  I am convinced that Congress will debate few issues more important this year than the question of China's entry into the World Trade Organization and whether or not we will deal with the Chinese on the basis of a permanent normal trade relationship.  Trade means change in China. Economic engagement with the United States has been one of the prime motivating factors in China's decision to move toward a market economy and away from its self-isolation of decades. The past 20 years have brought massive social reform and economic advancement for China's people. I remember the first time I traveled to China in 1979. I saw a land of subdued people, grey Mao suits, few consumer goods, no conveniences, poor living conditions and little personal, economic or political freedom. The economy was all centrally controlled; little private property and private business existed.  Today, the goods, services, housing, and freedoms available to residents of Chinese cities like Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou are greatly improved. People have become interested in what happens outside of China. People will speak more freely. Living standards are higher. China is increasing turning to private ownership--as much as 50 percent of the economy is in private hands in boom areas like the Pearl River Delta in Southern China.  Large, inefficient state enterprises are closing or being converted to private ownership. Entrepreneurship is on the rise in the cities in much of the countryside. Cutting our bilateral economic ties will accomplish nothing except to turn back the clock in China to favor more government controls, seek to isolate this growing economy, and very likely strengthen repressive political interests linked to protectionism and economic nationalism within the PRC.  It is evident to me that flourishing business relationships have developed increased contacts, improved mutual understandings, and personal relationships between Americans and Chinese.  This, in turn, has fostered many positive changes, as different ways of thinking percolate through Chinese society at many levels. It is there; I have seen it. American firms have brought new management styles, innovative ideas, and new work styles to China. Through their presence in China's economy, Americans have spread their corporate philosophies, teaching Chinese entrepreneurs, managers, and workers about market economics, commitment to free flows of information, the rule of law--the most important thing--dedication to environmental responsibility, and worker rights and safety.  Yes, it is far from perfect. But are things changing? The answer by any objective criteria has to be yes. Are there flaws? Are there problems? Does China very often do stupid things? Yes: The crackdown on Falun Gong, in my view a stupid thing, an unnecessary thing, something that, once again, pushes it backwards rather than forwards. Its treatment of Tibet--has China done the wrong thing? Absolutely. For 10 years I have been saying that and will continue to say it. It makes no sense for a great nation to treat a major minority the way in which the Tibetan people are treated. I will say that over and over again. I will work to change it. And one day we will succeed and do that, too. But we cannot do it if we isolate China. We cannot do it if we play into the hands of the hardliners. We cannot do it if we create the kind of adversarial relationship that is determined to make China into the next Soviet Union. I believe that firmly, and 30 years of watching has confirmed it.  American firms exercise a very real influence over the changes occurring in Chinese society. That influence will not survive the elimination of PNTR. American businesses in China bring American values to China. But, they cannot bring them if their ability to operate is undercut. History clearly shows us a nation's respect for political pluralism, human rights, labor rights, and environmental protection grows alongside that nation's positive interaction with others and achieving a level of sustainable economic development and social well-being.  People who have a full stomach then begin to say: What is next? People who have an education then begin to question the leadership. That will happen in China just as it did in Taiwan, just as it did in South Korea. Not too long ago, both were governed by dictatorships. Given a chance, China can change as well.  If we are serious about building a peaceful, prosperous and stable Asia, if we are serious about being a force for good in the Pacific rim in the 21st century, if we are serious about working to bring about democratic reforms, human rights reforms, and labor reforms in China, we also must establish permanent normal trade relations with China. This is part of the equation for making China into a member of the WTO and the world community as a whole, and saying that China must, in return, play by the same rules all other members follow. It also exposes China to sanctions in the WTO should they not. As a WTO member, China commits to eliminate barriers to its markets; to accept WTO rulings concerning trade practices and procedures; and to abide by WTO decisions concerning trade disputes.  The November 15, 1999 U.S.-China WTO Agreement marked successful completion of 13 years of difficult U.S.-China negotiations.  I, for one, am convinced that normalizing our trade relationship with China is absolutely in our own best interest. But it is absolutely in the best interests of seeing China becoming a pluralistic society, of developing the concern for human rights that we in the Western World hold so dear, of understanding the freedoms provided to us because of our due process of law, of understanding how important it is that a judiciary be independent from the politics of government, having a modern commercial code and a modern criminal code. None of these things China has today.  As has often been said, it has to be remembered that China, for 5,000 years, has been ruled by despotic emperors and for 50 years by revolutionary leaders who had no education. This is really, in over 5,000 years, the first time this largest nation on Earth has had an educated leadership who is now, today, striving to open the door to the Western World.  Remember the Boxer Rebellion? Remember what happened? Remember the humiliation, the isolation of China, and look what happened. We now have a chance in this legislation to take a different course. Most importantly--and this is what has amazed me so much about this debate--PNTR is nothing special. It simply means we will conduct our trade with China in the same manner and under the same rules that we conduct trade with almost every other nation in the world. In fact, there are only six countries with which we do not have normal trade relations--Afghanistan, Cuba, Laos, North Korea, Serbia-Montenegro, and Vietnam. All of them are small nations.  In my view, the damage of denying China permanent normal trade relations would strike even deeper. Punitive U.S. economic policies aimed at unpalatable Chinese domestic practices will not only cut into American jobs, it will slice at China's newly emerging market-oriented entrepreneurial class, the driving force behind the very changes we seek to cultivate without eliminating the targeted abuses in Chinese society. What kind of sense does that make?  Responsible American voices in business, in education, in law, and in religion understand that attacking China through economic ties is counterproductive. It endangers the very social elements within China that are most compatible with ethical American norms.  Trade relations do not only benefit business. They are a key part of the foundation that supports the entire U.S.-China relationship. I believe that not only do we shoot ourselves in the foot by denying PNTR, we strike a blow against encouraging China to see that it is to its interest to make the necessary changes, to understand that it, too, by open doors, more ties across the Pacific, more pluralistic government, more freedoms for its people evolves as a stronger nation, not a weaker nation. That was the case with Taiwan. That has been the case with South Korea. I submit to you, Mr. President, it is the case of virtually every country that lives under dictatorship or absolute rule.  Pluralism results from an evolution and a growth in human standards, in economic standards, in interaction with the rest of the world. China will be no different if we enable it to open itself to the world. We should be prudent, we should be watchful, we should be strong, we should confront them where wrong--no question about that. I believe we have the adequate tools to do it.  I have seen sanctions placed since I have been in this body, and I do not believe the amendment before this body will encourage the kind of behavior that can enable China to eventually be a stable, sound partner anywhere in the Pacific or elsewhere. I feel very strongly about this. I thank the Chair for his forbearance. I yield the floor.  