Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo), the chairman of the subcommittee, who has done an outstanding job on this legislation.  Mr. LoBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time and for his leadership of the full committee and this conference. I also want to thank the ranking members, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Filner), as well as all of the conferees of the House and Senate.  Mr. Speaker, I too rise in strong support of the conference report on the Coast Guard Maritime Transportation Act. The conference report authorizes funding and personnel numbers for the Coast Guard and includes a number of other measures that will improve both the operational capability of the Coast Guard and the safety of our maritime transportation system.  This conference report also includes important provisions designed to build upon the work we did in the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2001 to strengthen security at our ports.  H.R. 2443 includes language to clarify that members of the Coast Guard may make arrests for violations of Federal law while conducting security operations at our port facilities, to direct the Coast Guard to conduct vulnerability assessments of any waters adjacent to nuclear power plants to help ensure we are properly prepared for a waterborne threat to these facilities, and to authorize a new program to fund pilot projects that will test promising new technologies that could improve security at our ports.  I am particularly pleased that the other body has agreed with Members of the House regarding the need to accelerate Coast Guard's asset recapitalization program known as Operation Deepwater. This report authorizes a funding level of $1.1 billion for fiscal year 2005. This level of funding puts us on track to accelerate Deepwater's completion date to February 1, 2006, 5 years earlier than originally planned.  The effective accomplishment of the Coast Guard's national and homeland security missions, as well as its ability to sustain the level of performance of traditional missions, is predicated upon having a required funding level to replace its aging and rapidly failing assets sooner than the 20-year projected plan.  The need to accelerate is compelling. Over 20 110-foot patrol boats underwent emergency dry dock for breached hulls this past year, and the rest of the fleet is in immediate need of repair for structural corrosion. Over the past year, the HH-65 helicopters have suffered more than 125 in-flight main engine power losses, robbing the asset of its ability to hover and placing the lives of its crew, passengers and those below in grave danger.  These failures are increasing maintenance costs and are resulting in the direct loss of over 600 patrol days annually, severely affecting readiness and diminishing the service's ability to respond to terrorist threats and conduct its other vital missions.  I firmly believe that, as authorizers, it is our job to set goals and priorities for the service. The accelerated replacement of these assets is one of the Coast Guard's highest priorities. I commend my colleagues for their support of this critical issue and encourage our appropriators to work towards the goals we have established in this report.  We all praise the work of the men and women of the Coast Guard almost on a daily basis. We have seen the incredible footage of the videos of the rescues that they have made. We hear of their heroism on a day-in-and-day-out basis. While it is very nice to say thank you in words, we need to show it in deeds, so we are providing the menand women of the Coast Guard the assets that they so dramatically need to complete their mission.  Finally, I would like to thank the staff on both sides for their tremendous work, particularly John Rayfield, Eric Nagel, Marsha Canter from our subcommittee, as well as Liz Megginson from the full committee, and John Cullather from the staff of the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) for their efforts. I urge all Members to support this legislation.  