Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LaTourette).  Mr. LaTOURETTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of our committee for yielding me time.  I support this extension; and I recognize that, by supporting this extension, by the time this extension expires under the able leadership of the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young), the ranking member, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Petri), we will have a bill produced in the House that will be worthy of our support.  There is a great American in Cleveland, Ohio, today speaking in support of the highway bill. It is the Secretary of the Department of Transportation, the former chairman of our committee, Norm Mineta, who I have nothing but respect for.  The problem is, he is supporting the wrong bill. He is supporting a bill that proposes to spend over 6 years about $258 billion that does not come close to meeting the needs of America's infrastructure.  The chairman and I were in our Republican conference today, and the transportation bill was the subject of some discussion. I have to tell you that if you are looking, not to be partisan, but if you are looking for Republican principles when it comes to highway spending, you can go to Abraham Lincoln, you can go to Dwight Eisenhower, you can go to Richard Nixon, you can go to Ronald Reagan, you can go to George H.W. Bush. All of those presidents recognized that you need to have a strong infrastructure in this country, you need to have a strong infrastructure bill, that the return on infrastructure spending is about six to one back to the government, produces hundreds of thousands, millions of jobs over the six-year life of the bill; and this President should have a bill, too.  I hope that those who are sort of trying to do transportation on the cheap and maybe have the ear of the President at the moment recognize that if you want to draw a line in the sand on spending, this is the wrong beach to draw that line on. If we are going to stay competitive with our folks around the world in Asia and in Europe, we need to make this serious investment in our Nation's infrastructure.  I just had, at the invitation of the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young), the opportunity to be in Iraq. There is some discussion in this Chamber about whether or not we should have approved $18 billion for the reconstruction of Iraq. I happen to think it was money well spent. But I will say that if we can spend money building roads in Baghdad, and Tikrit and Um Qasr, we should be able to spend money in this country building roads in Anchorage and up in Duluth and in Portland and in Chicago and in Washington, D.C., and in Cleveland, Ohio.  So I hope that when this bill comes to the floor it is closer to the $375 billion than it is the $258 billion that our good friend and former chairman, Secretary Mineta, is talking about in Cleveland, Ohio, today.  