Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, the amendment under consideration would make improvements to H.R. 3550 as well as to make some technical corrections. More specifically, it would require more oversight of the use of Federal funds for transportation projects.  It allows funds to be used for additional planning activities under a pilot program. It would allow new activities under the Federal lands highway program to improve how projects are developed in conjunction with wildlife along the highways.  It would allow the Secretary to let States assume the responsibility of the Secretary for transportation enhancements, recreational trails and ITS projects.  It would require the Secretary to conduct a rulemaking to ensure that States are repairing or replacing damaged features on the National Highway System with highway features that have been tested, evaluated, and found to be acceptable under certain guidelines.  It makes a technical change to ensure that only new interstate facilities are eligible under the interstate system for construction of toll pilot programs.  It designates new highways for high-priority corridors on the National Highway System. It would require the Secretary to conduct a pavement-marking system evaluation study to improve safety on the highways.  It creates a national clearinghouse for the purpose of assembling and disassembling information relating to improvement of roadway work-zone safety.  It makes procedural improvements to the planning requirements for metropolitan areas in States regarding the Clean Air Act.  It directs the Secretary to create a model statute for the States to use when developing drunk-driving detection, prevention, and enforcement programs.  The budget title sets discretionary spending limits on outlays for the highway and mass transit budget categories and for new budget authority for the mass transit category and continues the budgetary fire walls for highway and transit programs.  It would improve the calculation of revenue-aligned budget authority, or RABA, to provide more accurate information of revenue to the Highway Trust Fund.  Finally, it sets the annual obligation limitations for the highway and transit programs for the fiscal years 2004 to 2009.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  