Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I recognize this motion to recommit is one I support. It is a motion that will I think make the bill's purposes be specifically spelled out. And I would suggest that what the gentleman, the ranking member, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) said, this is a working instrument, bipartisan, by all Members of both sides of the aisle who have workedvery long and hard to arrive at a decision and passed a bill which we believe is a very good piece of legislation.  But we requested going to conference. It is because of the differences, as usual, between the Senate and the House, as it should be. It is my hope, with the cooperation we have had in the past, we will be able to talk to the Senate and convince them that we are in the right position at the right time.  I will say, everybody knows where we came from, to begin with, it is a considerable amount of more money than passed the House. The Senate does have more money in the bill, and it is now our job to try to reach a decision to do what is best for this great Nation of ours in our infrastructure.  I have to stress that, and infrastructure is the key to our economy. Infrastructure is what makes all other things work in this legislative body. Without good transportation, we are unable to provide the monies for Medicare, Medicaid, prescription drugs, border patrol, Social Security, all those good things we talked about. The only thing that drives that is infrastructure that makes people and product move. So we believe that we have a good piece of legislation.  On the House side, it passed overwhelmingly, the largest single vote that any Congress has ever voted on a transportation bill. It was done in this House. We had less negative votes than any other time.  And, again, we passed it over to the Senate. They rejected it. We rejected what they sent us, and now it is up to us to ask for this conference. I am hoping that the Senate and House Members will work together, collectively, and we will arrive at a very rapid solution to this very, very important issue to this great Nation.  Again, I want to stress to Members that may be watching in their offices is this is a friendly motion to instruct, one which I support; and if there is a vote, and I expect to ask for a vote, I will ask for a yes vote.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  