Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I want to thank my good friend from Minnesota on his eloquent presentation. I want to thank the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Petri), the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski), and the committee members and the staffs who have worked so hard on this legislation and the parent legislation.  There is not much I can add to what the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) has said. Everybody knows where I am standing on this legislation; and by the way, the number 375 is not an artificial number. It is the number that came from the administration, what is needed to improve and maintain the existing highway system, when the interstate highway system becomes 50 years old, or will be 50 years old 3 years from now; and that is an old system.  This is the legislation that can solve the economic woes of this country, not just because of jobs but because transportation provides the resources for the prescription drugs, for Medicare, for education, for Social Security. All those things thrive on our economy, and our economy cannot provide the basis for those systems without transportation.  Truck traffic alone will increase 90 percent over what it is now in the next 15 years. Car traffic, the mileage being used will increase a huge amount over the next 15 years. The most expensive thing we can do today is not the five cents, not the two cents, not even using the funds out of the general fund for the trust fund, but to do nothing. To do nothing is the most expensive cost to the American people. The most expensive cost to the American people is to do nothing.  I can assure my good friends that I am working and my colleagues are working, and we are going to try to achieve the goal we seek; but I will not support a bill that goes so far below the needs. My administration is wrong in this, and I have told them that. I think most of my colleagues have read my letter to the President. They are dead wrong. Because if we do not do this, the legacy we leave behind will, in fact, I think be a legacy of incompetency.  I do not want to wear that label. The gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and myself and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Petri) and the staffs and everybody, we are trying to do something that is right for this great Nation, a legacy for users, a need, jobs for America. That is the parent bill, H.R. 3550; and I hope we continue this discussion but reach a solution in the very near future.  The legislation we are addressing today is mandatory because if we do not do it, not only will the agency be shut down, but the States will not issue contracts for the upcoming building session; and so I urge full support for this legislation.  I will ask for a vote. I want my colleagues all to know that, because I think it is important we are on the record of where we stand as a body about building for the future of our great Nation in transportation.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  