Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that today the House is considering H.R. 2828, the Water Supply Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act.  This bill reauthorizes the CALFED Bay-Delta Program, a Federal-State cooperative effort to manage water resources in California.  The purpose of the program is to increase the supply of available water for municipal, agricultural, and industrial use, and to engage in watershed restoration.  Water is a very precious resource, particularly in the West.  The supply of water is governed by State law. However, many Federal and State programs and projects also manage water resources and impact water supply.  Eighteen Federal and State agencies are partners in the CALFED program. Two of those agencies, the Environmental Protection Agency and the Army Corps of Engineers, fall under the jurisdiction of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.  EPA has some existing authorities that can help meet the goals of the CALFED program. The Corps also has many water resources development projects either under study or under construction in the Bay-Delta area, including the Sacramento/San Joaquin river basins comprehensive study.  This legislation does not authorize any EPA programs or Corps projects, even if a project is specifically mentioned in the August 28, 2000, programmatic record of decision that H.R. 2828 establishes as the general framework for addressing the CALFED program.  EPA and Corps activities in furtherance of the CALFED program must fall under existing authorities and nothing in this bill changes those authorities, or directs the USA of EPA or Corps funds.  Additional Corps projects in the Bay-Delta area may be authorized later, but those projects will go through the regular Corps of Engineers feasibility study process and regular authorization process in a water resources development act.  This does not mean that EPA and the Corps are not full participants in the CALFED program. In carrying out existing programs and projects, EPA and the Corps will coordinate their activities with all the Federal agencies participating in CALFED, and the State of California.  I congratulate Mr. Calvert and Mr. Pombo for bringing this legislation to the House floor. It has been a long time coming and reflects a lot of hard work by many Members.  I urge all Members to support this bill.  