Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3783, the legislation now under consideration by the House, will continue for an additional 4 months the highway construction, highway safety, transit, motor carrier, and surface transportation research programs. These programs will be continued under current-law program structure and conditions.  This bill is necessary in order to give the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and our colleagues in the Senate time to complete a multi-year surface transportation bill.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3783 provides for over $31 billion in new funding authority, which reflects 9 months' work or nine-twelfths of the budget authority and associated outlays in the year 2004 budget resolution that Congress passed last year.  As my colleagues may know, Mr. Speaker, I have introduced H.R. 3550 with the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar), the Transportation Equity Act: A Legacy For Users, or TEA-LU. TEA-LU will begin to meet the needs and begin to improve our aging and deteriorating transportation infrastructure.  TEA-LU will address and resolve the funding inequity issue between the donor and donee States, create new jobs, and stimulate the economy. Unfortunately, the overall funding for transportation has not been resolved entirely; and, therefore, we must pass this 4-month extension.  Even though TEA-LU has been introduced, there are many issues remaining for this House to resolve. As I mentioned earlier, identifying the appropriate resources to support funding levels over the next 6 years is the primary challenge. If TEA-LU is reduced to the level of the Senate bill, many worthy projects and programs will be reduced or quite possibly eliminated from the bill.  In the interim, this 4-month extension is a must-pass bill. If we do not pass this bill and send it to the President before February 29, four Department of Transportation agencies will close their doors and furlough their employees: the Federal Highway Administration, the Federal Transit Administration, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration.  If we do not pass this extension, new highway projects will be shelved, States will not be reimbursed the Federal share of the projects, safety grants will not be provided to the States, transit construction will be halted, and Federal enforcement of our motor carrier safety regulations on the highways and at the borders will suffer.  It is crucial that H.R. 3783 be passed by both the House and the Senate and delivered to the Senate before February 29. Our economy cannot withstand the shutdown of the national surface transportation programs.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  