Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the conference report on H.R. 2443, the Coast Guard Authorization and Maritime Transportation Act of 2004.  This conference report is the result of a very bipartisan effort. I notice this is a word being used often today on this floor, but I want to compliment especially the committee I serve on. It was worked out with the subcommittee chairman, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo), the ranking members from the full committee and the subcommittee, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Filner), and all of the conferees; and it deserves the support of all Members.  As this body's only licensed mariner and elected Member for all of Alaska, I am extremely interested in making sure the Coast Guard has the tools necessary to carry out its many varied missions. This bill gives the Coast Guard the resources and authorities necessary to protect the safety and security of lives and property on U.S. waters.  H.R. 2443 authorizes $8.2 billion to support activities of the Coast Guard for fiscal year 2005 and includes a number of provisions which will result in a safer, more effective system of maritime transportation.  My State of Alaska contains nearly one-third of the Nation's exclusive economic zone, the Nation's largest fishery, and significant cruise ship and oil tanker traffic. Therefore, I am concerned about the ability of the Coast Guard to carry out its traditional search, fisheries law enforcement, and vessel inspection missions.  Mr. Speaker, all of us recognize the exceptional work performed by the Coast Guard, often under dangerous conditions and circumstances. I urge all of my colleagues to support the conference report.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Mr. John Rayfield and Mr. Mark Zachares for their hard work, and thank the staff on both the Senate and House side. The staff has worked very hard to ensure this has been done correctly.  Again, may I stress, I hope we can do the same thing on the highway bill as we have done on this bill, and through a bipartisan effort, achieve our goal.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  