Mr. Speaker, I yield what time he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LaTourette), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Development, Public Buildings and Emergency Management, a member of the conference.  Mr. LaTOURETTE. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the distinguished ranking member of our full committee for making this the subject of the motion to instruct conferees, and it is a tribute to not only him but the bipartisan nature in which this committee works to build America's infrastructure, and it continues his vision and the vision of those that worked back with him in 1991 when they created ISTEA and continued through TEA-21 and now moves forward into TEA-LU in that it recognizes that there needs to be intermodalism and there is more to transportation than just concrete, asphalt and moving people in their automobiles.  The Safe Routes to School program is something that has worked very, very well; and by expanding it to a national level and asking our friends in the Senate in this motion to instruct to accede to the language that we have included in the bill is exactly the right thing to do, and I give the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) a lot of credit for again making this the point that we are talking about today.  It is a great day for the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and it is a great day for the Nation that we are moving this process forward. There have been some fits and starts on this bill. We had some differing levels when it came to funding. We had a little tip from the White House over what that funding should be, but only when we get in a conference and are able to talk with our friends and colleagues from the United States Senate about what divides us on the bill and engage the White House can we hopefully convince them that, as the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski) indicated, this is a jobs bill. This bill is critically important to not only relieving congestion; it is important to make sure that men and women in this country are working.  The great thing about working is that these are jobs that cannot be outsourced. There has been a lot of talk about outsource. These are American construction jobs that are going to take place in American cities and American towns all across the country.  So I am very pleased that we are at this stage today, and I want to go back to this motion to instruct to conclude.  Sometimes around here we name things in a way that sounds nice, but they are really not good programs. That is not the case with Safe Routes to School. It is a good program, and it deserves our support; and I hope we are able to convince our friends in the Senate to do the same.  