Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  In closing, I would like to thank all the Members who have spoken in favor of this bill. There is no one who spoke against the bill. There will be approximately 11 more amendments offered. I believe this bill is properly structured.  And I have to say this. I again want to stress one thing. I came to this House 31 years ago. I came to this House to work to achieve legislation, and I believe we can only do that by working together. It is something I believe very strongly in. And I know there are those who do not agree with me, who do not want to achieve, but to bicker; and I do not think this is what this House is all about.  So I again congratulate the other side, the minority, at this time for their willingness to work with me and I to work with them to achieve a goal. And I think we have partially reached it in this legislation.  Because of certain media reports about the 375, I have to remind those that might be listening to this or are watching that the 375 that I chose 2\1/2\ years ago with the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) was not an artificial number. It was not a ``wanna'' number. This is a number that came from this administration just to maintain and improve a little bit. There was only one way we could have gotten there, and that was by, in fact, increasing user fees. And of course that has run into tremendous opposition from different people, everybody knows who. But I hope they understand what we are really trying to do in this legislation; and what we should have been doing with the 375 is the future of this Nation because at this period of time before elections, we hear a lot of people talking about Social Security, Medicare, education, border patrol, homeland security, prescription drugs; and they are all good and they are all needed. But there is only one way we can have the financial revenue to get those achievements done, and that is to have a good infrastructure system in place for the future. Without a good infrastructure system, we do not have the economic capability of doing those things everybody wants us to do.  This is not a new idea. Eisenhower saw it and built the interstate system 50 years ago and made this the greatest Nation not just for security purposes, but to be able to move goods and products and people to and from and establish industries because of that infrastructure system put in place 50 years ago.  Now we have competition internationally. We have nations that recognize this. We did not win the Cold War because of our military might. In fact, we did not even win the Second World War because of our military might. We won it because we could deliver troops, products, food, and people across this Nation to the manufacturing points. China, as said in my opening statement, now recognizes that. And we hear a lot of China, about outsourcing. We hear a lot about China and their economic growth; but they recognize why we were great, and I stress that word ``were,'' because they are going to build in 15 years the same amount of highways that it took us 60 years to build in the United States to tie their provinces together, like we tied our States together, so there would be no more warlords. They will have a united China with 4.5 billion people to be able to produce and compete with anyone in this world and probably beat them on all forms of products, especially when Russia is right next door with all the natural resources that they use to do that production.  And the foresight, I believe, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and I have had to see that challenge and try to rise to that occasion to make sure this Nation has the ability to compete internationally, that is what this bill is about and what it should be as more.  And that is why in this bill I have a reopener, and I have people objecting to that, because I believe our economy is coming back, but our needs to move people is also increasing at a dramaticrate, and I want to have my grandkids and my great grandkids and my great, great grandkids to have the advantages and ability to compete globally because of the infrastructure system that we will put in place.  I have told my adversaries that are against my 375 that I will be back. I will continue this fight because I believe in it so strongly for this Nation. I believe this House has a responsibility to leave a proper legacy behind for the future generations of this great Nation. I hope everybody that listens to the debate as far as the amendments go understands that we are going to listen to them. We will vote some down; we will accept them, but when it is all said and done that we step forth with this bill tomorrow I hope in the near hours to start the process to leave a legacy behind for this great Nation.  