Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I hope everybody that is standing around will listen for a few moments as a matter of courtesy, because I have to refer back to one of the former speakers from New Jersey who said we had plenty of time on this bill, and we should have done better. I can tell my colleagues, we have done everything we could possibly do, because we had to really write three different bills, which is very difficult to do, because the numbers kept changing and kept floating. But every time we had to change, the staffs on both sides, on this side and that side, majority and minority, had to go back and rewrite most of the legislation each time.  So at this time I would like to acknowledge not just the work of the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Oberstar) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski) and the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Petri), but those who really did the work: Levon Boyagian, Graham Hill, Jim Tyman, Joyce Rose, Mike Lamm, Sharon Barkeloo, Melissa Theriault, and Ryan Young. He is not my son, either; he is no relation.  Also, Debbie Gephardt, not the daughter of the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. Gephardt), either; Patrick Mullane on the gentleman from Wisconsin's (Mr. Petri) staff. They were the real behind-the-organization workers.  Also my chief of staff, Lloyd Jones; Liz Megginson; Charlie Ziegler; Mark Zachares; and Fraser Verrusio, Debbie Callis and John Bressler.  I would also like to thank the minority staff. I can tell my colleagues with sincerity that the minority staff, because the majority staff would come to me and say, the minority staff is not working with us; and the minority would say the majority staff is not working with us but, in the long run, we all got together and solved, I think, a lot of very serious, contentious problems and philosophies and where this bill was headed.  I also want to thank David Heymsfeld, Ward McCarrager, Clyde Woodall, Ken House, Katherine Donnelly, and Art Chan. On the staff of the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Lipinski), Jason Tai.  There are many others, and would I like to thank all of the members of this committee that worked with me and have stood by me; and those that object to provisions in this bill, they have my assurance that I am going to try to make sure that we solve those problems in conference. I have been one that does not weaken very easily when it comes to working with the other body. And if we stand shoulder to shoulder, I think we can solve those problems that have been brought to the floor. We hope to do so. I am confident we can.  Again, I am extremely grateful for those who put all the time in, 4 o'clock in the morning, 5 o'clock in the morning, and back here, like today, at 9 o'clock in the morning. This is a large legislative package, and we could not have done it without the hard work and dedication of professional people, I want to stress that, professional people; and for that, I extend my sincerest thanks.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  