President, I am glad Senator Coats made that last point, especially because it is getting hardly any discussion here in the Senate, and that is with respect to the weak consumption we are seeing in our country, particularly middle-class folks who have the sense that there is not going to be economic security right now. They do not have as much money in their pockets as they would like. They have suffered huge shocks that have caused them to pull back from some of the purchases they would otherwise make.  The Presiding Officer of the Senate has done outstanding work with respect to trying to protect middle-class people who lost all this equity in their homes. That usually serves as some kind of collateral for folks with a need to get a loan. That has not been there. We have had folks underemployed in much of the workforce.  What we see is that in our economy, which has always been consumer driven, as Senator Coats has pointed out, we are not seeing the kind of demand from middle-class folks for goods and services. They are not going out and buying the refrigerator they might wish to have for their family. They cannot get a computer for their child. They are not able to make the purchases that are so important in a consumer-driven economy.  What Senator Coats and I are saying is that as Democrats such as Dick Gephardt and former President Ronald Reagan said a quarter century ago, they want to come together and put money into people's pockets. They want to make sure the middle-class folks--who are just getting clobbered, as we have seen for months now--would be in a position to get back into the economy and start demanding some of those goods and services that are so important for long-term economic well-being.  Senator Coats and I have sought to put more money into people's pockets by repealing the alternative minimum tax. We had an excellent hearing in Chairman Baucus's committee yesterday on simplification.  Get this. The middle-class person is now essentially going through bureaucratic water torture on this alternative minimum tax. They have to fill out their taxes twice on two separate systems. What Senator Coats and I have said is let's repeal it. That will put some money back into the pockets of middle-class folks. As Senator Coats has pointed out, middle-class folks won't have to spend all that money paying out for accountants and all kinds of other people, trying to fill out all those alternative minimum tax forms. We will put some money into the pockets of the middle class that way.  Senator Coats and I also advocate nearly tripling the standard deduction for all our taxpayers, which again can be a real boon for the middle-class consumer, which can help us spur consumer demand and, with that, job creation.  I am very glad Senator Coats has zeroed in on the question of the consequences of underconsumption by consumers.  I think I would next probably like to have my friend go through some of the benefits we wish to provide to small business. We all know that small business is the job creator, the job engine of our economy.  If Senator Coats would outline some of the benefits that on a bipartisan basis we ought to be zeroing in on with respect to small businesses, I think that would be very helpful.  