 I strongly support efforts to promote more exports. The President has set a laudable goal of increasing exports. We know that in the export sector, there is an opportunity to make things here, to grow things here, to add value to them here, and then ship them around the world. To promote these export markets and generate the economic growth our country wants, we have to make sure our workers have the latest, most updated skills to make sure they can get those jobs and exports and get American products around the world.  As I indicated yesterday, there is no doubt that the American brand is a hit around the world. Ninety percent of the consumers are outside the United States, and they want our products. My hope is, as I have indicated, that we are moving toward being able to pass this legislation, the trade adjustment assistance, to increase our exports. Because some pretty astonishing comments have been made with respect to the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program, I wish to take a few minutes this afternoon and make sure we can get some facts out to combat some of the rhetoric.  For example, one comment I have heard repeatedly is that the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program is a sop to organized labor. The argument is that the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program is just a giveaway to labor unions and that they are the people who want the program; that it is something that is part of the labor priority list. I can tell the occupant of the chair--and I am sure she hears the same thing I do at home--that folks who are members of labor unions don't come up to us and say what they want in the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program. They say: Senator, I want to have a good-paying job. I want a job where I can support my family and where I have a living wage. That is what I am concerned about right now.  What I am concerned about is China, for example, with their low-interest loans. In some areas, such as solar manufacturing, which I have written the Obama administration about, they are undercutting our solar manufacturers because they are basically giving out free money now. That is what workers come up to Senators and say: Senator, I want a good job, one I can make sure that when I go to bed at night, I will know when I wake in the morning, I will be able to support my family. Labor union folks don't walk up and say: This is what I want from the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program.  The fact is, it has been documented by Mathematic Policy Research that less than half the participants in the TAA were members of a union. Let me repeat that. Less than half of those who participated in trade adjustment assistance were members of a union. In fact, this is a program that is available to all American workers who qualify. When we are talking about applying, in effect, a trade adjustment assistance petition can be filed by any of the following groups: a group of three or more workers, an employer, a labor union, a State workforce official, a one-stop operator or partner or any other person who is designated a duly authorized representative.  This is, to me, the bottom line. In 2009, more than 9 out of 10 petitions for trade adjustment assistance relief were filed by nonunion firms or groups. I will repeat that because we have heard so frequently this is somehow a giveaway to labor or a sop to the labor unions. In 2009, more than 9 out of 10 TAA petitions were filed by nonunion firms or groups. More than two-thirds of the eligible population for the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program were not members of a union.  I hope that, at this point in the debate, we can make it clear, we can make it understandable that TAA is not a program only available to labor unions. That is not true. The Trade Adjustment Assistance Program is not only available to labor unions. TAA is for all Americans. As this debate continues and, as I indicated, hopefully moves into the homestretch, I hope Senators remember that in 2009 more than 9 out of 10 TAA petitions were filed by nonunion firms or groups.  The second area I wish to touch on, in terms of trying to rebut some of these criticisms about the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program, is the argument that there is no need to extend eligibility to those in the service sector. In 2009, Congress expanded the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program so service workers who are displaced by trade would be eligible for assistance. There has been criticism of this expansion, and I wish to make sure, again, that Senators and those listening to this debate actually get some of the key facts.  It is important to remember that 82 percent of employment between 2006 and 2010 was in the service sector. To argue that workers in computer programming, finance, accounting, and insurance do not face foreign competition is simply to put our heads in the sand.  A forthcoming paper by Bradford Jensen finds that Americans employed in businesses and professional services face more international competition than workers in the manufacturing sector. Again, when Senators hear this argument that there is no case for extending trade adjustment assistance eligibility to service workers, I hope they will think through the implications of the international competition our workers face in this sector because those in computer programming, in finance, in accounting, and in insurance are important workers in the American economy. They have played a big role particularly in the export sector. I think to arbitrarily say they should not be eligible for the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program, given what many of them are facing in terms of international competition, isn't right.  The third argument I would like to take on directly is the argument that, in some way, the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program is almost a duplicative program. Again, the facts show this argument doesn't stand. A Mathematic Policy Research report from last year makes clear that workers who lose their job due to increased imports--surging imports is the way we ought to appropriately characterize it--those folks who are, therefore, eligible for the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program because of surging imports tend to be older, often have less education, and have higher prelayoff earnings compared to other unemployed Americans.  That is why the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program is different than the unemployment insurance program. It is tailored to meet the distinct needs of a critical portion of the labor force. The workers are older, and often they have less education. The transition, as the occupant of the chair knows, can be gut-wrenching because a lot of these individuals, before their layoffs, weremaking good wages. Now they are wondering how they are going to be able to get the skills and how they are going to be able to pick up the knowledge to tap the latest opportunities that are available in American business that is looking to export.  This is a program that doesn't duplicate any other. It is a program that is designed to serve a unique population. I am sure we are going to continue through the rest of the discussion about trade adjustment assistance and see a lot of back and forth between Senators with respect to the merits of the program.  I continue to believe we ought to start, as we analyze it, by remembering this has always been a bipartisan program, No. 1; No. 2, TAA petitions have been approved by Labor Departments in both Democratic and Republican administrations. This has roots in the bipartisan effort to support expanded trade. One study after another shows that expanded trade--particularly tapping export markets--can generate hundreds of thousands of jobs. But there is no question that, as we try to make sure we don't lose a single job in America--even short term--some workers can end up needing some help during a transition from one job to another, and if they have been harmed by surging imports, the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program is there for them. That is why we ought to reauthorize it.  I think we also ought to recognize it is knitted together with the effort to pass the free-trade agreements because the free-trade agreements are about more exports. To have all the workers we need for the potential export markets, we have to make sure workers who have been laid off have a chance to upgrade their skills.  We will come back to this topic, I am certain, but I hope, in the last few minutes, I have been able to at least offer some concrete, documented facts that make clear that the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program is not a sop to organized labor, since, in 2009, the vast majority of those granted relief had nothing to do with a labor union; second, that we have made the case for why service workers, facing aggressive international competition, ought to be eligible for the TAA; third, I hope we have been able to lay out how this program doesn't duplicate any others because this is a unique group who disproportionately uses the program, who is older, often with less education, and the transition can be particularly gut-wrenching because very often they have higher prelayoff earnings compared to other unemployed Americans.  I think we understand the biggest challenge for this Senate is creating more good-paying jobs. In my State, about one out of six jobs depends on international trade. The trade jobs tend to pay better than do the nontrade jobs. That is why I considered it such an honor when Chairman Baucus asked me to chair the Finance Committee's Subcommittee on International Trade. I saw this as an opportunity to grow the Oregon economy and to grow good-paying family wage jobs. Oregon has a very good record in terms of manufacturing. We face a whole host of dramatic challenges right now. For example, I am particularly concerned about where our country is headed in terms of manufacturing in the renewable energy sector. The Chinese are engaged in very aggressive and questionable practices with respect to the Chinese Development Bank. In effect, they are giving free money to companies that can manufacture and undercut the American market. I have asked the Obama administration to investigate this. If they do not, I am certainly going to be looking legislatively at pursuing trade remedies.  Much of what we are faced with in terms of the renewable energy sector, particularly generating jobs in manufacturing in that sector, deals with making sure we have a rules-based trading system. We enjoy the fact that China is a trading partner. Our State gets a significant amount of jobs from exporting goods to China. But the Chinese, like everybody else, have to comply with the rules, and there is a substantial amount of evidence that the rules aren't being complied with as they relate to manufacturing in the solar sector.  That is why I am using my position as chairman of the Subcommittee on International Trade, Customs, and Global Competitiveness to get on top of that. We have already lost some solar manufacturers and we shouldn't sit idly by and lose more. That is the kind of challenge we ought to be working on together on a bipartisan basis; not coming to the floor of the Senate and blocking a piece of legislation that gives our workers an opportunity to get ahead--to get ahead in the private sector, to get ahead in the export market, and to be in a position to get the good-paying jobs that are going to be available in the years ahead if we pass legislation to remove trade barriers.  The reality is that in virtually all of these areas, our tariffs are low, which means that around the world countries get to send their products to us and get almost totally free access to our market. Yet, around the world, when we try to ship our products to them, we face very substantial tariffs. That is what we are trying to change here on the floor of the Senate--to level the playing field. Because if we level the playing field, our workers get more out of it than do the workers of other countries. And that, to me, ought to be particularly appealing to Senators now when our folks are hurting and when there is so much pain in communities across this country.  When I am home, I am consistently seeing workers who are walking an economic tightrope--balancing their food bills against their fuel bills and their fuel bills against their medical costs. They go to bed at night wondering if they are going to have a good-paying job in the morning, given what is being reported every day in the newspapers in terms of layoffs and the kinds of challenges our companies are facing in these tough global markets. That is why legislation to promote exports makes sense. It is an opportunity to provide a new measure of economic security to hard-working American families--to tap those export markets. We have to make sure our workers, all of our workers, can get the skills and those kinds of opportunities so they can qualify for those export markets.  This legislation--passing trade adjustment assistance--is a key component of our ability to generate more jobs in the private sector through exports. I certainly hope we are in the homestretch of being able to pass this legislation and then to move on to the agreements, move on to the opportunity to generate more exports, because that means more work--good-paying work--for our people.  Madam President, with that, I yield the floor at this time.  