I have listened carefully to his remarks, and it seems to me what we ought to be addressing in the Senate is our country's opportunities. This is about opportunities. Trade agreements present an opportunity for more exports, something--as the Senator from South Dakota touched on--that is particularly promising for areas such as agriculture. I know in South Dakota and Oregon these are huge opportunities. America is about exports, and free-trade agreements are about opportunities to export.  The Trade Adjustment Assistance Program is about opportunities for our workers to update their skills. In a sense, American business is only as competitive as its workers. That is why, in my view, we have always had this tradition--a bipartisan tradition which I have tried to highlight this afternoon--of making sure we look at every possible opportunity to advance trade.  Before the Senator came to the floor, I think I talked about--and he and I have talked about this--the fact that our tariffs have historically been low compared to the rest of the world; they have big tariffs. We have trade agreements that level the playing field, and our side gets more out of it than everybody else. It has been part of the bipartisan approach to trade. It seems to me we have the chance--and I hope we are heading into the home stretch, because I think the Senator from South Dakota has correctly noted it is certainly time to get this done--to get this to the President's desk; that we can resolve this by saying this is an opportunity to see Congress--the Senate--at its best.  Because we can be in the opportunities business, trade agreements generating opportunities for exports that areclear winners for the American economy when we have unemployment, economic insecurity, surging imports from Japan.  We need opportunities for our businesses to export, but we also need opportunities for our workers, and I hope that as we move into the home stretch of this discussion, we can see that trade adjustment assistance is an opportunity for our workers to update their skills. As they update their skills, that is going to make American businesses--particularly our exporters--more competitive because they will have workers who can take the jobs.  I wish to express my appreciation to the Senator from South Dakota. He and I have worked very closely on a whole host of issues, in fact some that I think are going to be a big part of the future debate. The Senator from South Dakota and I want to make sure those who manufacture digital goods in our country and offer digital services get treated fairly in international markets. This is also a promising opportunity: digital goods--software, for example--digital services such as cloud computing. Under the legislation the Senator from South Dakota and I have offered, we can break down some of the barriers to those kinds of products. I am looking forward to working with him on that and a number of other issues.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  