President, I think we have seen in the last half hour, almost going on an hour, the enormous goodwill that Senator Hatfield generated in the Senate, with Democratsand Republicans alike coming to the floor. I just wanted to wrap up with one last comment.  Senator Hatfield did not serve alone. He was accompanied through his extraordinary public service journey that we have heard discussed today on the Senate floor by a remarkable woman, Antoinette Hatfield. For those of us who knew Mrs. Hatfield, the only way we could sum her up would be to say: What a woman. Whip smart, boundless energy, persistent in a way that made it clear she was going to push hard for what was important, but always in a way that left you with a sense that she would be standing up for what was right and almost invariably with her husband standing up for our State.  My colleague in the Chair, the Presiding Officer, Senator Merkley, described his experiences with Senator Hatfield very eloquently. We have heard that from one Senator after another. But I thought it was appropriate this afternoon--as many Senators knew Mrs. Hatfield and, I think, share my views--and important to note that Senator Hatfield often said--and my colleague will recall it as well--he could not have made the contributions to Oregon without having at his side, having the good counsel, enjoying the affection of this wonderful woman, Antoinette Hatfield.  So as the Oregon delegation in the Senate wraps up these tributes, we simply want to acknowledge not just Senator Hatfield's contributions but the chance we have had to be with Mrs. Hatfield in work situations and personal situations, and we wish to express our gratitude for all she has done for decades now working with her husband, working with Oregonians to make Oregon a better place.  This afternoon, Antoinette Hatfield, as well as her late husband, has our undying gratitude.  Mr. President, with that, I yield the floor, and I note the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Merkley). The clerk will call the roll.  The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  