President, this afternoon we heard tributes to former Senator Mark Hatfield from a bipartisan group of Senators. I would like to add to those tributes by including in the Congressional Record the eulogy that Senator Hatfield's son Visko delivered at his father's Memorial Service.  I ask unanimous consent that the following statement be printed in the Record.  There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the Record, as follows:       Good afternoon, thank you Dr. Ogilvie, Father Mike      (Maslowski) amazing as usual, thank you. Pastor Ron      (Kinkead), thank you. Thank you also to the Village Baptist      church for providing this lovely sanctuary for today's Public      Memorial.       I would like to thank the distinguished guests, former      staff members, life-long friends, and complete strangers who      have turned out today to honor my father.       It is remarkable to see the outpouring of love and support      for the man we simply called Dad.       I have pondered this moment over and over in my head for a      long time.       Would I speak? What would I say?       What could I possibly add to what has already been said      about my father.       So many introductions, so much accolade, hundreds of      honors, countless speeches, ground breaking ceremonies,      ribbon cutting dedications, political campaigns, opinion      pages, articles and books.       Words, words, words and more words, volumes of stories some      true, some false and some, hybrids of both.       A dear friend advised me to share the personal side, share      the family side, and share something close to my heart.       I thought to myself, I have shared enough. I have shared my      childhood, I have shared my adolescence, and I have shared my      adulthood.       My entire life, shared as a function of a public figure.       The tank is pretty empty, what more could I share?       So I thought about it and came up with the reoccurring      question.       The question that, I have been asked throughout my life.       ``What is it like to be a Senator's son?''       I used to quip that I really didn't know anything different      he had always been a senator; except for the day I was born,      when he was Governor of this state of Oregon.       The only time in my life I wasn't a Senator's son, I was a      Governor's son.       What is it like to be a Senator's son?       To be in the public eye, under the microscope, in the      spotlight.       What was it like to grow up under the weight of assumption      and misconception, subject to the torment of political      persuasion?       In the shadow of a figure so large and with the awesome      responsibility of privilege, simply because the people of      Oregon had given my father their faith in him every six      years, five times.       What is it like to be a Senator's son?       I have been subpoenaed and compelled to testify in front of      a Senate ethics committee. Grilled for five hours by      government lawyers because someone thought my father had sold      out his career and the people of Oregon.       I witnessed my mother's real estate business shredded,      slowly, painfully and publicly, because someone thought my      father had sold out his career and the people of Oregon.       I have been hugged by total strangers who shared very      personal stories about how my father had changed their life,      or how he had bestowed their Eagle Scout award, on them      decades before.       In high school, I was walking a friend home after school.      Trailing us were two Secret Service agents. The same two who      had taken me to school earlier that morning, the same two who      had sat in on classes and in the lunchroom with me.       Two men whose job it was to throw down their lives for      mine. Not because mine was so important, but because the same      nut case had threatened the life of the President of the      United States and my father's life, in the same breath. While      my father and mother were out of the country, the thinking      was, the family would be the next, most likely target.       Agent Robert Alt, Agent Don and other members of the 24      hour protection detail, I will never forget the position you      were in for two weeks because I am a senator's son.       Twelve years ago ran into friends, a couple from Oregon, on      the street in New York. Even more than being delighted at our      chance meeting, in a city of millions, they were giddy with      the news that they had just seen my father's obituary at the      New York Times.       With great surprise I informed them that I had just hung up      the phone with him not 30 minutes earlier.       They proceeded to clarify that they had won and auction      item--a tour of the New York Times offices. During the tour,      they had seen the Obituaries of the notable and famous.      Including my father's. Pre written, ready to go.       I remember one time at a photo studio in New York I was      introduced by a friend, to an Art Director from Oregon. Upon      hearing ``Oregon'' and ``Hatfield,'' I could see the light      bulb go on over the art director's head. The same connection,      I had awkwardly embraced many times in my life, was made. He      then asked in a definite and knowing voice . . . ``are you      related (I began nodding) to Tinker Hatfield?''       With great relief, I said, ``no I am not.''       No offense to the famed shoe designer at Nike.       What is it like to be a Senator's son?       I could tell you about the woman who came up to me when I      was 12 years old. I was with my father on a re-election      campaign swing thorough eastern Oregon. I was wearing a      three-piece, brown velvet suit--in eastern Oregon . . . in      July.       She had cornered me when I was alone. She waved her finger      in my face and exclaimed ``look at you in your fancy three      piece suit all dressed up from the east coast. You know we      have pretty girls here too, you just have to look for them      hiding behind the sage brush.''       I was stunned--where was the political playbook? What do I      say? I smiled and assured her I would keep my eye out for      girls hiding in the sage brush and I thanked her for      coming to the ``Meet Mark'' spaghetti dinner to support my      Dad.       One night at dinner at my home, I sat to the right of      former president Nixon, a dinner that included a round table      of official presidential historians. Nixon was brilliant, the      man fielded question after question on every aspect of      geopolitics, managed to eat his dinner and comment on how he      fondly remembered my mother's steamed green beans, and     how happy he was that she had served them again that night.       He conjured a memory of a visit to Oregon when he was VP.      My father, as governor greeted him at the airport. Dad wore a      white trench coat, Nixon a black one. The former president      said it was a smart move wearing white, because, when the      front-page photo of the event was published the next day, it      was my Dad who jumped off the page, not him.       What is it like to be a Senator's son?       Ronald Reagan, Jimmy Carter, Billy Graham, all guests in      our home on separate occasions.       I have met Mother Theresa, Menachem Begin and the Pope.       I have flown onto the deck of an aircraft carrier, visited      mental institutions, medical research centers, and      courthouses.       Tom Brokaw wrote six simple pages about my father in his      book, The Greatest Generation. I always liked Tom Brokaw and      this book is amazing. It highlighted the few things and more      of what my father told me the ``one'' time he spoke about his      service in World War II. He spoke of how he was poised, as      the Commander of an Amphibious Craft, for the invasion of      mainland Japan. Of how if we had not dropped the atom bombs      on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, he would more than likely never      have made it to the shores of Japan alive.       He said the catharsis for him was in sharing his rations      with Japanese children, after his mission changed from that      of invader to clean up and relief operations, in the      aftermath of the bomb. He showed me a few small porcelain      pieces he had dug out of the rubble. Simple everyday objects,      teacups and saucers.       I will always be grateful to the people of Japan for their      sacrifice, because in doing so, one US Soldier made it back      alive and went on to become my father and to spend nearly      fifty years of public service, fighting for the lives of      millions of people worldwide.       I would learn more about my father reading books and      newspapers, than I would learn about him, from him, or so I      thought.       Dad was the man who taught me to pray.       To say thank you, to give thanks and to be grateful, to      give thanks for food, to give thanks for the blessings of the      day.       The prayer: Inner voice as outer voice.       ``God bless this food, in Jesus name amen.'' The kids'      simple prayer around our table.       ``Dear heavenly father we pray that you bless this food to      the nourishment of out bodies and thus to thy service in      Christ's name we pray, Amen.'' His simple version around our      table.       I have heard Dad give thanks in front of thousands and in      front of a few. Because he wanted to and because he was asked      to.       His faith was remarkable. His prayers were soothing,      thoughtful and kind.       I have gone to nearly every kind of church with my father.      But one in particular stood out . . . a Baptist church.       When I was a teenager, Dad would come into my room and wake      me up on a Sunday to go to church. Then he would come in      again and wake me up again.       Often times he would come in with a look of incredulous      disbelief, when it seemed as though I was not going to budge.       He would declare ``I cannot believe you can't commit one      hour of the week to the Lord.''       Well ``one hour'' in those days at this particular Baptist      church soon became about 35 minutes.       This was because when would arrive on time and take our      seats, the minister, Pastor Maritz--had kind of squeaky voice      and he would say--``I see we have Senator Hatfield in our      congregation today, perhaps he would lead us in the pastoral      prayer.''--Privacy shattered--Dad would rise and deliver,      praying for all of us, for those less fortunate, for those in      need, for our soldiers over seas, for our leaders to have      strength and wisdom to make good decisions, to make better      decisions.       Dad was fond of mixing church and state--in church--during      prayer.       I believe he thought there was certain irony in doing so.       And that in church, he was a safe enough distance from      those who might decry his faith and it's influence on him      when it came to matters of state.       When he had given enough pastoral prayers we began arriving      late to church, well after the pastoral prayer had been      given. Pastor Maritz began to catch on. Being the smart      Baptist that he was, he switched to asking dad to give the      benediction.       Not long afterward Dad re-maneuvered, so we would arrive      late AND then leave early. I felt okay with dedicating 35      minutes a week, to the Lord in Church.       What is it like to be a Senator's son?       I want to read a letter, which I opened and read to my      father two years ago.       It was at a time when his health and his total awareness as      we knew it began to fade. I believe it was during this phase,      that his inner awareness was unwavering, was still intact.       The letter had been mailed to the MOH School of government      at PSU and had been forwarded on to dad's home. It was      written by Philip Millam.       (Read Letter)       I have had this letter on my desk for two years.       Forty Years this man carried the desire to thank my father.      To tell Dad that with the simplest words ``thank you . . .      thank you for your service,'' that Dad had made this man's      effort in an unpopular war, feel honorable. In the fewest of      words he had lessened the feelings of animosity and of being      marginalized.       It brought tears to my father's eyes and to mine. I was      proud of my father and he knew it.       Mr. Millam I would like to respectfully ask you to stand up      and to be recognized. For your service to our country, in the      most difficult of circumstances, I would like to thank you.      And for providing me with a memorable father and son moment,      I would like to say Thank You.       What is it like to be a Senator's son?       Awe, Awareness, Anger.       Pride, Press and Privilege.       The realization that it is not about who I have met, where      I have gone or what I have done.       It is to be witness to his impact on the lives of others.       Mark Odom Hatfield.       His life was never about the man or the name. To shower      praise on it, to honor it, to chisel it granite or cast it in      bronze or, to sully or demean it, or to criticize it, is      missing the point.       The point of my father's existence was not to collect      awards or praise, but rather, I believe, to teach a lesson.       The lesson is a simple one, yet too often overlooked.       The lesson is that we need to be kinder to one another, to      help and to teach each other.       To honor and to respect one another.       Because long after the man is gone and the buildings are      renamed or torn down, the lesson must live on in each of us.       The lesson from the teacher, from the servant leader.       The lesson in many instances was to stand up when others      chose to sit, to speak out when others were silent. To find      clarity when the noise was deafening. To forgive those who      are unforgivable.       The lesson is to protect life at all stages of      vulnerability, or as he used to say, in the womb, at the      gallows and on the battlefield.       Dad taught me that it cannot be the selfish, it must be the      selfless who make the world a better world.       Each one of us has a part to play,       Each one of us has influence on the other,       Each one of us has a responsibility to ourselves and in      turn, to each other.       Dad never wanted to be a giant, he preferred to have giant      impact. His were not the shoulders to stand on, his were foot      steps to follow.       A few months ago in what we thought were Dad's final      moments, it was late at night I was going into the second      straight day at his bedside. I was holding his hand and      telling him it was okay to let go, he had lived a good life      and fought long enough, we would take care of mom.       It was during this time, he and I had a remarkable      exchange.       At the time, he wasn't talking very much.       I asked him of there anything he needed or anything I could      do.       He straightened up his leaning body and opened his eyes      wide and he said.       ``You need to save a life.''       He asked me to save a life.       I said, ``Whose life should I save?''       He said, ``The first one you can.''       There was a long pause, he was staring straight ahead, not      blankly, but like he was seeing something that I wasn't.       I asked him what he was looking at, he said       ``There are so many poor people and people who are hungry,      who are on the doorstep.''       I paused a while, wondering.       Then I asked him ``what do they look like?''       Without hesitating, he said       ``They look like us.''       A glimpse at what it is like to be this senator's son.       It is a continual reminder that there is a calling to help      where ever possible, a calling to open our eyes to people who      we may think are different, or who we may think are less,      than who we think we are.       It is a reminder for us to open our eyes to help people who      others cannot see, or who others choose not to see.       Why?       Because they ``look like us.'' They are in fact us.       I would like to take a moment and thank from the bottom of      my heart, Dr. Francis Collins director of the NIH as well as      Dr. John Gallin, director of the MOH clinical research center      at NIH. Two men whose effort at sustaining human life and      medical research continues to inspire.       I would like also like to thank my sister Elizabeth who for      years has magnificently worn the titles of both doctor and      daughter, through some of the most difficult times during our      father's stages of declining health. You are a rock star of a      doctor. And a fabulous sister.       Lastly, I would like to thank my mother Antoinette      Hatfield, who for more decades than anyone, has stood by my      father's side in life. She has made sacrifices most of us      will never know, under more difficult circumstances than      anyone should have to.       Always the matriarch, she is the woman behind the man, in      front of the world.       Allow me to straighten your halo. You are an angel among      us.     Visko Hatfield, August 14, 2011.  