President. I am honored to join my colleague from Wyoming, Senator John Barrasso, in introducing a bill essential to enhancing the delivery of mental health services to our senior citizens, The Seniors Mental Health Access Improvement Act of 2011. We are pleased to be joined by Sens. Sherrod Brown, Inouye, Tim Johnson, Begich, and Durbin in this effort.  Currently, there are limitations on the types of mental health practitioners who may be reimbursed for services in the Medicare program. Our legislation permits mental health counselors and marriage and family therapists to bill Medicare for their services, and it pays them at the rate of clinical social workers. With this legislation, seniors will have more opportunities as part of their Medicare benefit to access professional mental health counseling assistance.  Throughout the United States there are approximately 77 million older adults living in 3,000 so-called ``mental health profession shortage areas.'' Moreover, 50 percent of rural counties have no practicing psychiatrists or psychologists. Seniors living in these areas will be the primary beneficiaries of our efforts.  Mental health counselors and marriage and family therapists are often the only mental health providers in some communities, and yet presently they are not recognized within the Medicare program appropriately. These therapists have equivalent or greater training, education and practice rights as some existing provider groups that can bill for their services through Medicare.  Additionally, other government agencies, including The National Health Service Corp, the Veteran's Administration and TRICARE, alreadyrecognize these mental health professionals and reimburse for their services. We need to utilize the skills of these providers and ensure that seniors have access to them. These professionals play a critical role in the delivery of our nation's mental health care.  In Oregon, the passage of this legislation will focus the talents of over 2,000 additional, qualified providers on the mental health issues of one of our most vulnerable populations. This represents a common sense approach to relieving a persistent and chronic healthcare workforce shortage.  I would also like to take a moment to recognize the contributions of one of our former colleagues in the Senate who led our efforts in the last Congress to pass similar legislation. Sen. Blanche Lincoln was a strong advocate for health policies that benefited seniors and those in rural areas. This bill is a testament to her decade long commitment to these issues and her unflagging support for those in need of mental health care in underserved areas.  Finally, I commend our mental health professionals nationwide, for their dedicated work and efforts, and I encourage passage of this legislation.  