Mr. Chairman, I would like to express my strong support for the Bonior Amendment, which prohibits funds from being used to delay the national primary drinking water regulation for Arsenic, which was published on January 22, 2001. It is clear we have a problem with Arsenic in our water systems, and Congress must act expeditiously to remedy the problem. In 1999, in their report examining the levels of arsenic in drinking water, the National Academy of Sciences recommend that:       EPA Must Immediately Propose and Finalize by January 1,      2001 a Health-Protective Standard for Arsenic in Tap Water.      The National Academy of Sciences (NAS) has made it clear, and      we agree, that EPA should expeditiously issue a stricter      Maximum Contaminant Level standard for arsenic. Based on      available scientific literature and NAS risk estimates, this      standard should be set no higher than 3 ppb--the lowest level      reliably quantifiable, according to EPA. Even an arsenic      standard of 3 ppb could pose a fatal cancer risk several      times higher than EPA has traditionally accepted in drinking      water.       EPA Must Revise Downward its Reference Dose for Arsenic.      EPA's current reference dose likely does not protect such      vulnerable populations as infants and children. Furthermore,      ``safe'' arsenic intakes in the RfD present unacceptably high      cancer risks. To protect children, EPA should reduce this      reference dose from 0.3 micrograms per kilogram per day (mmg-     kg/day) to at most 0.1 mmg-kg/day. For concordance with      cancer risk numbers, EPA should reevaluate the RfD in more      depth as expeditiously as feasible.       EPA Should Assure that Improve Analytical Methods Are      Widely Available to Lower Detection Limits for Arsenic. EPA      must act to reduce the level at which arsenic can be reliably      detected in drinking water, so that it can be reliably      quantified by most labs at below 1 ppb, the level at which it      may pose a health risk.       Water Systems Should be honest With Consumers about Arsenic      Levels and Risks. It is in public water systems' best long-     term interest to tell their customers about arsenic levels in      their tap water and the health implications of this      contamination. Only when it is armed with such knowledge can      the public be expected to support funding and efforts to      remedy the problem.       Water Systems Should Seek Government and Citizen Help to      Protect Source Water. Water systems should work with      government officials and citizens to prevent their source      water from being contaminated with arsenic.       Water Systems Should Treat to Remove Arsenic, and      Government Funds Should be Increased to Help Smaller Systems      Pay for Improvements. Readily available treatment technology      can remove arsenic from tap water, at a cost that is      reasonable ($5 to $14 per month per household) for the vast      majority of people (87 percent) served by systems with      arsenic problems. Very small systems serving a small fraction      of the population drinking arsenic-contaminated water,      however, will often be more expensive to clean up per      household. Assistance to such systems should be a high      priority for drinking water funds such as the SRF and USDA's      Rural Utility Service programs. The SRF should be funded at      least $1 billion per year to help systems with arsenic      problems.       EPA Should Improve its Arsenic, Geographic Information, and      Drinking Water Databases. EPA should upgrade its Safe      Drinking Water Information System to include and make      publicly accessible all of the arsenic and unregulated      contaminant data, as required by the Safe Drinking Water Act.      EPA also should require water systems to provide accurate      lat-long data using GPS systems, which will have widespread      use in GIS systems by federal, state, and local officials,      and the public, for source water protection, developing      targeted and well-documented rules, and for other purposes.  The risk of cancer from arsenic contamination is too great for Congress to further delay the rule. According to the National Academy of Sciences, the lifetime risks of dying from cancer due to Arsenic in tap water is 1 in 100, when the arsenic level in tap water is at 50 parts per billion (ppb), which is the current rate. At 10ppb, the risk is 1 in 500, and at .5ppb, the risk is 1 in 10,000. One in 10,000 is the highest cancer risk the EPA usually allows in tap water for any element--why should arsenic be different?  Mr. Chairman, throughout my tenure in Congress I have supported legislation to reduce health risks and inform the public about water safety standards. in 1996, I voted for the Safe Drinking Water Reauthorization Act (PL 104-182), which directed the EPA to propose a new, cleaner, standard for arsenic in drinking water. At that time, Congress also directed the EPA, with the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), to study arsenic's health effects and the risks associated with exposure to low levels of arsenic. Three years later, in 1999, NAS concluded their report, and made the appropriate recommendations. Now, nearly two years later, we are still debating the rule. Mr.Chairman, the evidence is clear, Arsenic is in our water and poses a serious health risk--the American people can not wait any longer for action. I urge all members of Congress to support the Bonior Amendment.  