Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, earlier this year at a hearing on homeless veterans, our committee heard some very compelling testimony from several veterans who themselves had been homeless, including Stuart Collick, a 39-year-old veteran from New Jersey. Stuart had joined the all-volunteer Army at the age of 23. He could think of no higher calling than serving his country, and serve he did. He had combat experience in Grenada, and later distinguished himself as an infantryman in the Persian Gulf War.  He holds the Army Service Ribbon with three Oak Leaf Clusters, the Southwest Asia Service Ribbon; three Bronze Star medals; three Good Conduct medals, and the Combat Infantryman's Badge, among other official recognition. He served with distinction, and he did his duty.  But combat leaves indelible marks and can leave scars that sometimes fail to heal. Mr. Collick left the Army in 1992, a disillusioned man, and he began drinking, then he turned to hard drug use. Within 5 years of discharge, he had lost his job, his family and his home, and was on the streets. His life, like many homeless, addicted veterans, was in total chaos.  Last year, Stuart Collick found the VA Homeless Assistance Program of New Jersey. With VA help, and a growing faith in God, he turned his life around, finding new ways to cope and to overcome. He found a job and his own apartment. He developed new friendships, and reestablished relationships with his family. Today, he is working as a carpenter and foreman on the VA's Veterans Construction Team at Lyons, New Jersey, helping to build a commercial greenhouse and teaching other homeless veterans how to build something positive. Today, Stuart is a role model, an inspiration to his fellow veterans in early recovery and drawing strength from his own experiences in the Army and his life.  Unfortunately, for each Stuart Collick, there are thousands of other homeless veterans living on America's streets. In fact, the Department of Veterans Affairs estimates there are 225,000 homeless veterans on any given night. Other organizations believe that the number is closer to 300,000. Either number is far too high and a national scandal.  Madam Speaker, this historic legislation before the House today, H.R. 2716, is designed to provide assistance to homeless men and women, with a national goal of ending chronic homelessness among veterans within 10 years.  When I introduced the homeless assistance legislation earlier this year, it had four overarching themes: Prevention; innovation; accountability and funding programs that work. After months of effort on the part of the Committee on Veterans Affairs and our staff in both bodies, I am proud to report that our final compromise legislation reflects these principles.  Madam Speaker, it is difficult to pinpoint any one cause of homelessness among our veterans. We know, however, that direct exposure to combat is often associated with later readjustment problems. We know that a majority of homeless veterans today suffer from mental illnesses, including post-traumatic stress disorder, illegal substance abuse often complicates their situation as well.  As indicated in a recent Washington Post article, ``The woeful failure to provide appropriate treatment and ongoing follow-up care has sent many individuals spinning through an endless revolving door of hospital admission and readmissions, jails and public shelters. America's jails and prisons are now surrogate psychiatric hospitals.''  Madam Speaker, what a sad commentary that this is our approach to dealing with this vexing problem, and it need not be. Madam Speaker, a provision in H.R. 2716 authorizes an innovative demonstration program to learn whether early intervention can prevent homelessness among institutionalized veterans. The program would be carried out at 6 demonstration sites, including jails and prisons. The purpose of this program is to provide incarcerated veterans with referral and counseling about job training, housing, health care, and other needs to assist the veteran in the transition from institutional living back to normal life.  Madam Speaker, the consensus legislation now before the House adds funds to programs that have demonstrated effectiveness in addressing chronic homelessness among veterans. One such program coordinates the resources of several responsible Federal agencies in dealing with homelessness. Our agreement adopts the House provision which would authorize 2,000 additional HUD section 8 low-income housing vouchers for homeless veterans in need of permanent housing. These veterans must be enrolled in VA health care and priority will be given to veterans under care for mental illness or substance-use disorders.  Another program with demonstrated effectiveness is the VA's domiciliary program, currently operating in 35 locations. Our bill will authorize $10 million for 10 new ``VA Domiciliary for Homeless Veterans'' programs. These programs, like the successful one at the VA in Lyons, New Jersey, have proven highly effective. They are not the entire solution, but they appear to obtain very good results, and I believe we need to have more of them.  The bill improves and expands VA's homeless grant program, which works with community-based and nonprofit providers to target services for homeless veterans. Current participants are already contributing substantially to the fulfillment of this bill's objective: To reduce homelessness and provide for the specialty needs of homeless veterans. The bill authorizes $285 million over 4 years for this program. It also provides a new mechanism for setting the per diem payment so that it can be adjusted on a regular basis without red tape.  The Department of Labor's Homeless Veteran Reintegration Program has a proven track record of helping veterans rejoin the labor force. H.R. 2716 extends and increases the authorization level to $250 million over 5 years for this effective program.  Employment is an important key to helping homeless veterans rejoin American society, but employment is not possible unless a homeless veteran has access to quality health and dental care, and other supportive services. The compromise expands access to these services in an innovative way.  These are just a few of the highlights of the comprehensive bill, the ``Homeless Veterans' Comprehensive Assistance Act of 2001.'' It will provide new assistance to homeless veterans, lift them up to a sustainable level and prevent them from returning to a state of homelessness, and help them become self-sufficient individuals, accountable for their own actions. This bill also holds accountable grant and contract recipients to perform their promised services in exchange for government investments, and promotes a greater opportunity for departments to work together to provide the best possible outcomes. It also sponsors prevention of homelessness in high-risk groups within the veteran population. And, it provides more authority and funds for programs that have proven themselves successful in reducing homelessness.  I would like to commend a number of people, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans) who has been a tireless worker working on behalf of homeless veterans. We have worked very cooperatively on this legislation. He has been a friend and ally in its crafting, along with staff on both sides of the aisle, Pat Ryan, who is our committee staff counsel as well as our committee's chief of staff. I would like to thank so many people who contributed to this legislation and those who inspire like Jerry Colbert.  Madam Speaker, my wife and I were greatly moved by the National Memorial Day concert produced by Jerry Colbert here at the Capitol and the emphasis it placed on homelessness. This is a good bill, and deserves the support of every Member of this body.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  