Mr. Chairman, as chairman of the committee that oversees the Federal Fire Administration, I would like to suggest that it is about time we really started helping communities across America by helping firemen.  Today in the United States there are over 1 million fire fighters and 77 percent are volunteers. If we had to pay all of these volunteers, we would be spending billions of dollars more in property tax coming out of taxpayers' pockets.  Last year I worked with the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Weldon) and others to get $100 million into this program. This amendment is going to increase that by $50 million to $150 million.  I think it is important to mention that in 1999 there were 45,000 fire fighters injured and 112 fire fighters killed in duty-related incidents. These men and women are American heroes. They are truly our first responders. They are the ones that are at the scene when there is natural disasters. They are the ones at the scene when there is shootings in school, chemical spills, terrorism, looking for lost kids, or getting the kitten out of a tree.  We give billions of dollars to law enforcement in this country. It is time we gave a few dollars to help local communities and help the first responders of this Nation.  This amendment would increase the funding allocation to help local fire departments hire new firefighters, purchase new safety equipment, and provide improved training.  These men and women are American heroes. They are truly first responders. They are part of national security.  Mr. Chairman, this seems to me to be an easy choice to make. Either we fund more bureaucracy or fund more help for firefighters. The increased funding for the fire grants program could be used for new equipment to fight fires, new training so that our firefighters are brought up to speed on the latest firefighting techniques, advanced safety equipment that can help prevent firefighter injury or death. This type of support is especially critical for volunteer fire departments that often must supplement their sources of funding with bake sales and the like.  Despite the risks, the million men and women of the fire services continue to guard against fires, accidents, disasters, and terrorism. We in this body must continue to get them the support they need.  It may come as a surprise to many of the people viewing tonight, but the United States has one of the highest fire death rates in the industrialized world at 13.1 deaths per million population. In 1999, 3,570 Americans lost their lives and another 21,875 were injured as the result of fire--more Americans than were killed in all natural disasters combined. The National Safety Council ranks fires as the fifth leading cause of accidental deaths, behind only vehicle accidents, falls, poisonings, and drownings.  The total cost of fire to society is staggering--estimated over $100 billion per year. This includes the cost of adding fire protection to buildings, the cost of paid fire departments, the equivalent cost of volunteer fire departments ($20 billion annually), the cost of insurance overhead, the direct cost of fire-related losses, the medical cost of fire injuries, and other direct and indirect costs. Direct property losses due to fire was estimated at $10 billion in 1999.  The top three causes of fires in the U.S. are smoking (22 percent), incendiary and suspicious (or arson) (21 percent), and heating (11 percent). The leading cause of injuries is cooking (22 percent), followed by arson (13 percent), and children playing (11 percent).  On the front lines, protecting the public from fire, are the Nation's over one million firefighters, three-quarters of whom serve as volunteers. Every day, these men and women place their lives on the line to protect their neighbors. Every 17.3 seconds, a firefighter in this country responds to a fire.  In my State of Michigan volunteer firefighters are very important. Between 1995-2000, eleven Michigan firefighters--both volunteer and professional--lost their lives fighting fires.  Last year alone, four Michigan firefighters lost their lives--Ronald Haner of Portage, David Maisano of Mio, David Sutton of Fraser, and Gail VanAuken of Holland. Firefighter Sutton was killed by an arsonist who ignited combustibles on the first and second floors of a Fraser apartment building. Mr. Sutton had sought to save a resident of that apartment building, who was trapped on the second floor, and was also killed by that fire. This fire was one of six arson fires that occurred in the same general area over a two day period of last year.  For their bravery and sacrifice, we owe first responders and their families a debt of gratitude. Our Nation's founders were deeply committed to the idea that the individual had an obligation to serve the community and the country. Those who serve as first responders exemplify these ideals every day.  It is unfortunate that today many now consider duty and honor relics of a bygone age. While our society lavishes praise on athletes and rock stars, we tend to forget about those who stand ready at a moment's notice to risk their lives to keep our communities safe. It is only after disaster strikes that we appreciate fully the contributions they make.  They have kept faith with us, and we in this body must continue to keep faith with them by getting them the support they need. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Research, which has jurisdiction over the U.S. Fire Administration, I am pleased that last year we were able to pass legislation reauthorizing USFA. This legislation is helping get USFA back on the right track so that it can provide the training and research our firefighters need.  In addition, last year, many of us worked to get more help to firefighters. These efforts led to the passage of unprecedented legislation to benefit America's fire service, much of which was reflected in my Help Emergency Responders Operate--HERO--Act.  This type of support is particularly important to volunteer fire departments that often do not have adequate funding. Many volunteer departments have to supplement their local funding with bake sales and other activities just to keep themselves afloat.  The VA/HUD appropriations bill for fiscal year 2002 provides another $100 million for this purpose. Like the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I was hoping that we can increase that amount to $150 million, and I am still hopeful that we can get some more funding as the bill moves through conference. Remember that each year fire results in $10 billion in property loss and more than 3,500 deaths in the U.S. I have also cosponsored legislation offered by the gentleman from Connecticut, Mr. Larson, that would set up special tax-free retirement accounts, similar to IRA's, for volunteer firefighters.  Increasingly, we are asking firefighters to take on expanded responsibilities--to respond to terrorist attacks or to help stem environmental disasters, for example. It is important that as we ask them to take on more, we stay committed to insuring we support them as best we can.  I thank the gentleman for his efforts on behalf of firefighters and thank him for bringing this issue before the House tonight. I urge my colleagues to support this amendemnt.  