Mr. Chairman, both of my older brothers are competent, experienced master pilots with thousands of flight hours. One flew Hueys and Cobra Army helicopters; another brother is a former aircraft fighter pilot who flew A-7s off the USS Enterprise. Today he is a 757 captain with a major airline. What we do today holds an added personal significance for me and my family.  After the jets and planes went back into the sky following the horrific tragedy of September 11, he and his wife, who is a flight attendant, courageously did their jobs. They, like many other air crews, braved flight despite the fact that serious flaws in aircraft security remained. We can change that today. The pilots and air crews, like the police, fire and emergency ``first responders'' at ground zero are heroes. We owe them a tremendous debt of gratitude, admiration, and respect.  There is no doubt in my mind whatsoever that on both sides of the aisle and both sides of the approach to ensuring aviation safety, Members are fully committed to protecting every flight crew and passenger in America. To suggest otherwise is demagoguery. I assume goodwill on both sides.  The current aviation security system is broken big time. The private sector system that we have had in the past, and I would submit, even with federal ``supervision'' going forward is likely to be less than the optimum. The Private Sector may not be up to the challenge of dealing with the new magnitude of terrorist threats that America faces. When it comes to the overriding and paramount interest of protecting American lives and our national security, I believe we can and must count on a professionally trained and maintained workforce. Neither bill is a panacea. Neither bill guarantees success; but highly trained Federal employees give us the best shot. I would point out that at the Department of Defense, at our borders with the Custom Service and with the Border Patrol, we count on them to provide that kind of protection. The job of protecting 96,000 miles of land, sea and air at our borders, and more than 300 ports of entry is entrusted each day to dedicated employees of the U.S. Customs Service.  Mr. Chairman, I support the Oberstar-Ganske Competing Amendment. It is the best of the two proposals.  Mr. Chairman, both of my older brothers are competent, experienced, master pilots with thousands of flight hours. One flew Hueys and Cobra Army helicopters. Another brother is a former aircraft carrier fighter pilot who flew A-7's off the U.S.S. Enterprise. Today, he is a 757 captain with a major airline.  So what we do here today holds an added personal significance and meaning for me and my family.  After jets and planes went back into the sky following the horrific tragedy of September 11th, he--and his wife, who is a flight attendant--courageously did their jobs. They--like many of their air crew colleagues--braved flight despite the fact that serious safety flaws remained. We can change that today. The pilots and aircrews--like the police, fire, and emergency responders at ground zero--are heroes. We owe them a great debt of gratitude, admiration and respect.  There is no doubt in my mind whatsoever that both sides of the aisle, and both sides of the approach to ensuring aviation safety, are fully committed and eager to protect every flight crew and passenger in America.  To suggest otherwise is pure demagoguery. I assume good will on both sides.  The Oberstar-Ganske amendment, which I have cosponsored as H.R. 3165, is a comprehensive attempt to improve out nation's airline security. We cannot allow any of the past deficiencies in the screening of passengers and property to continue. The past problems with unstructured and mostly private aviation security systems now in place at our airports must be scrapped, replaced, and repaired.  The current system is broken. Unfortunately, the private security systems have not in the past, and certainly cannot now be expected to deal with the new magnitude of terrorist threats America faces. Everyday brings news of some new incident where somebody with a box cutter, knife, or gun manages to walk onto an airplane. Last week, a man flying out of New Orleans International Airport boarded a Boeing 737 with a loaded handgun in his briefcase. He went right through airport security undetected. Why can't we just admit that while the private sector does many things well, they are just not up the task of airport security? How many more guns have to get onto aircraft before we face reality?  When it comes to the overriding and paramount interests of protecting American lives and our national security, I believe that we can trust and count on federal workers. They have proven themselves at the Defense Department, and at our borders with the Customs Service and the Border Patrol. We don't contract these jobs out because they are too important to leave in the hands of the private sector. The job of protecting 96,000 miles of U.S. land, air, and sea borders and more than 300 ports of entry is entrusted each day to the 20,000 dedicated employees of the U.S. Customs Service. The job of protecting our own security right here in our offices and on this House floor is performed by the very capable and dedicated federal employees of the Capitol Police Force.  I ask my colleagues this question: if private security firms are so great, why not go with private security firms at the Customs Service or the Capitol Police Force? Maybe we should privatize the Secret Service protection of the President while we are at it. Why should Congress and the President be protected by federal employees, while the rest of the country's security is provided by often poorly paid, poorly trained ``rent-a-cop'' outfits?  Airport security is a national law enforcement function and cannot be subject to cost-cutting measures that have fostered the poor standards that have contributed to serious security lapses.  The Oberstar-Ganske amendment would do more than just federalize the mission of bag screeners and airline security personnel. It would significantly expand the Federal Air Marshals program and provide for the mandatory training of flight and cabin crews to deal with aircraft threat conditions. It authorizes $50 million annually over the next five years for research in security technologies and $20 million for the FAA to issue research grants. This amendment also allows the Department of Justice to determine whether federal or state and local law enforcement personnel should be employed at our smaller airports. The amendment requires stringent background checks for current employees that have access to secure areas at airports. The bill also would allow the pilot, co-pilot, or flight engineer to carry firearms after the successful completion of a comprehensive training program; it would require the strengthening of cockpit doors and locks; and it includes provisions that would call for criminal history and background checks for students seeking flight training on certain classes of airports.  The public's confidence in air travel, badly shaken by the September 11th attacks and events afterward, must be restored. The Oberstar Amendment will accomplish this goal. It will assist in the stabilization and recovery of our airlines and related industries. This amendment will provide the level of security the American people deserve. Mr. Chairman, we cannot continue with a system that could again put our national security and the lives of Americans at risk.  