Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Chairman, I am very pleased to offer this amendment along with my cosponsors, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Mrs. Morella), the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Slaughter), the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Pitts), to bring this Foreign Operations appropriations bill up to the funding level authorized by the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act, Public Law 106-386.  As the prime sponsor of Public Law 106-386, I just want to say I am absolutely determined to fully fund each and every provision of this landmark legislation. If we are serious about ending this modern slavery and assisting abused women and children, it is the least we can do.  Last week, Mr. Chairman, under the leadership of the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), the Commerce-Justice-State appropriations bill fully funded the law enforcement provisions of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act, including $10 million for victims services programs for victims of trafficking; $10 million for grants to reduce violent crimes against women on campus; $40 million for legal assistance for victims of violence; $7.5 million for education and training to end violence and abuse of women with disabilities; and $15 million for the Safe Havens for Children pilot program.  Mr. Chairman, as most Members already know, the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act represents a comprehensive effort to address the growing problem of trafficking in human beings, particularly women and children, into forced prostitution and other forms of slavery. This brutal form of transnational crime is a growing problem around the world. The United States is regrettably a significant receiving country. Indeed, the Central Intelligence Agency estimates that nearly 50,000 people are trafficked into the United States each and every year. Victims who have escaped tell us about the horrible conditions that they were forced to endure.  Just parenthetically, we have had hearings in our subcommittee. We have heard from the victims themselves and heard their terrible stories and heard their plea to do something. They tell us about the unspeakable acts that they often were subjected to.  Our amendment, Mr. Chairman, will help to fulfill the promise of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act by appropriating the following amounts.  First, section 106 of Public Law 106-386 called for $10 million for prevention, and that is what this amendment does, prevention of trafficking through support for education and training programs so that potential victims will have the moral and material resources to resist the traffickers. This $10 million could include projects such as microcredit, which the United States already funds, so long as they are targeted at potential trafficking victims.  This amendment also provides $10 million for protection of trafficking victims who have been freed from their terrible bondage, fulfilling section 107 of Public Law 106-386. This money will help to pay for shelter care, rehabilitation and similar projects.  And section 108 of the law would be fully funded at $10 million for assistance to foreign governments who wish to reform their laws and practices to meet with the minimum standards established in section 108 for the elimination of trafficking set forth in the Act, again to help these countries punish the perpetrators and protect the victims of these awful crimes.  I encourage Members, if they have not, to look at the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of2000, the report that has just been issued by the State Department, with its tierage, tier 1, tier 2, and tier 3, where countries are named. Then there is a narrative about countries that are problems. Many of the countries are mentioned, but especially the tier 3 countries, those that really need to get their act together about what they might do in order to reform themselves.  Mr. Chairman, I want to make some observations about where this money will come from. This amendment does not mandate reductions in any particular program. It simply identifies six accounts out of which the State Department and AID is currently funding antitrafficking initiatives. I am told that the Department's unofficial estimate is that they currently spend between 13 and $15 million. It mandates that the total be increased to the levels authorized by the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. All told, these accounts include billions of dollars; and the Department and AID would need to find an additional $15 million to fully fulfill this legislation. This is not only doable, Mr. Chairman, it is a moral imperative.  Finally, Mr. Chairman, I would like to be very clear about the reasons for inclusion of the Migration and Refugee Account in this amendment. The refugee account is woefully underfunded. In real dollars we spend substantially less on refugee protection than we did 6 or 7 years ago. It also exists for a particular purpose, protection and assistance to refugees and other persons of similar concern.  The sponsors of this amendment have absolutely no intention that the State Department or AID should begin funding law enforcement assistance or development assistance projects out of the refugee account. However, certain antitrafficking initiatives such as grants to the International Organization for Migration for the purposes of reintegrating returned trafficking victims who have voluntarily returned to their home countries may legitimately be funded out of the Migration and Refugee Account.  My understanding is that the current amount of such funds is about $1.5 million, and the intention of this amendment is that antitrafficking expenditures from the account should remain in that range until new money is found in the Migration and Refugee Account, so as not to force further reductions in other urgent refugee protection projects.  Mr. Chairman, this bill, again which is a work in progress, currently provides $715 million for refugee protection. I would hope that we could up that amount of money. Of course, that is something that needs to be done in conference.  Let me just say, Mr. Chairman, that this amendment is bipartisan. I think it is needed. When we worked through the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act last year, we had many, many meetings with Members on both sides of the aisle and with our Senate counterparts working out these amounts. It is doable. It has good support from all of the NGOs that will provide these services. I ask for its support.  Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.  