Mr. Chairman, I would like to express my strong support for the Pallone-Saxton-Smith Amendment, which seeks an additional $3 million to the EPA budget for enhancing beach water monitoring programs. These programs are authorized under the BEACH Act (Beaches Environmental Assessment and Coastal Health Act of 2000), signed last year as Public Law 106-284.  Beach water monitoring programs are critical to the health of the millions of people who swim in our oceans. Since 1988, more than 36,000 beaches have been closed due to contaminated water. During 1999 alone, more than 6,000 beaches were closed because beach waters were found contaminated with pathogens, or disease-causing bacteria and viruses.  Pathogens are found in human and animal waste from polluted runoff, storm drains, sewer overflows and malfunctioning septic systems. When swimmers are unknowingly exposed to these pathogens, they can become sick from a whole host of diseases--gastroenteritis, dysentery, and hepatitis among others. Children, who frequent our beaches, are among the highest at risk because their immune systems are not as fully developed.  If we do not take action to keep our shores safe and clean, the dream of a family vacation can become a nightmare of disease and illness. Many of these pathogens are invisible and undetectable to the naked eye. Without testing, there is no way of knowing if beach waters are too contaminated for swimming, surfing, and other recreational activities.  Yet, until last year, no national standards were in place to monitor beaches for pathogen contamination to ensure the water is safe. As a result, Congress unanimously passed the BEACH Act (P.L. 106-284) to establish consistent water quality standards for our beaches. The bill also provides grants to help states develop and implement water quality testing and notification programs about unsafe conditions at our beaches.  The fact of the matter is that our beaches are national assets that deserve national protection. Just like our national parks, our beaches are not enjoyed solely by those who live near them. In fact, just the opposite is true: our beaches are visited by tens of millions of people from all over the country. Foreign tourists come from all parts of the globe to visit our coasts and beaches, including the Jersey Shore.  Our nation's beaches contribute heavily to our national economy--four times as many people visit our nation's beaches each year than visit all of our National Parks combined. And yet Congress provides copious funding for national parks--as it should. It is estimated that 75% of Americans will spend some portion of their vacation at the beach this year. Beaches are the most popular destination for foreign visitors to our country as well. The amount of money spent by beach-going tourists creates an extensive economic benefit--a portion of which goes back to the Federal government in the form of income and payroll taxes.  Clean and safe beaches are not just good public health policy, clean beaches are also good for the economy. In my State of New Jersey, in 1999, tourism brought $27.7 billion to the state--out of the 167 million trips made to New Jersey in 1999, 101 million were to the Shore area.  Mr. Chairman, I urge all members of Congress to support the Pallone-Saxton-Smith Amendment which adds an additional $3 million to the EPA budget for beach water monitoring programs, for a total of $10 million to states and localities to monitor pathogen contamination. Because, a trip to the beach should not result in a trip to the hospital.  