Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I strongly encourage Members to support H.R. 3240, the Reservist Education Protection Act of 2001, and am pleased that the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans) has joined me in sponsoring this. We are up to 34 Members who have cosponsored this important legislation.  Mr. Speaker, as many as 10,000 of the 50,000 Reservists and Guard members the President called to active duty on September 18, 2001, may have had their education interrupted by their selfless service to our Nation. These service members should not lose any of the educational benefits they have earned because they answered the call to duty. The Reservist Education Protection Act of 2001 would reinstate VA educational entitlement to those called up for Operation Enduring Freedom, as well as those called up in future national emergencies.  This bipartisan legislation would allow any service member who is mobilized after September 11 and had to disenroll from college or other schools to regain any monthly VA educational entitlement payments lost due to the call-up. Our bill accomplishes this by increasing the number of months of VA education entitlement equal to the months deducted for the incomplete course. These men and women would also regain time to attend school by extending the 10 years that they already have to use their benefit by a period equal to the period of active duty for which they were called up, plus 4 months. For example, if a service member is mobilized for 6 months, he or she would have 10 months added to his or her 10-year delimiting period.  Mr. Speaker, in 1991, during the Persian Gulf War, Congress addressed this same issue and protected VA educational entitlements under both the chapter 30 Montgomery GI bill active duty program and the then-chapter 106 program for members of the Selected Reserve. Such protections were for the Persian Gulf War only.  I would note that the service members using the current chapter 1606 Montgomery GI bill program under title 10, U.S. Code, are already protected.  Let us tell the men and women mobilized that Congress stands with them as they serve our Nation during Operation Enduring Freedom. I urge support of H.R. 3240.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  