Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. Royce), the chairman of the African subcommittee, for yielding and commend him for his outstanding leadership on behalf of the suffering individuals, not just in Sudan, but in other countries, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, who have been victimized by human rights abuse.  I want to especially thank on this bill my good friend, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Tancredo), and all of the bipartisan sponsors of this Sudanese Peace Act. Is a step clearly in the right direction. It is an outstanding bill. It tries to advance the ball so that there will be peace.  We have lost 2 million Sudanese people, many of them women and children who have been slaughtered. Food has been used as a weapon in Sudan by the Khartoum government. We know that Operation Lifeline, very often efforts to feed those in the south have been vetoed by Khartoum because they wanted to deny access to food and medicines.  Back in 1996, Mr. Chairman, we had a series of hearings really on what was happening in Sudan, the first hearing of its kind on slavery. At that point, people objected and said what are you talking about? Shadow slavery, the buying and selling of people, not unlike what we had in the United States and in other western countries before the civil war. A horrific practice. Yet it was going on in modern day Sudan. Thankfully, there is an effort. At least there is exposure now. People understand that this has occurred.  The gentleman from California (Mr. Royce) mentioned this forced religious conversion. I have met people who have lost their children through forced Islamization, where their young men, their young boys, have been literally abducted out of their homes and brought to these camps where they are brainwashed, for want of a better word, day in and day out, to accept Islam. That is not what conversion is all about.  But this civil war is being financed, and it is not a civil war, it is a slaughter, increasingly by oil monies. I just bring to the attention of members that the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Bachus) will be offering an amendment at the appropriate time that will deny the access of those companies to the capital markets of the United States, like Talisman.  Talisman is an oil company that, unfortunately, like some of the others coming out of China and elsewhere, that are building up the capability of the Sudanese government to get real dollars, hard currency, which is now funding this slaughter of women and children and men. They have doubled their military spending. For example, since 1998 much the oil revenues have amounted to about $500 million, and that is going to grow as a direct result of their ability to get cash at the New York Stock Exchange and elsewhere to fund this slaughter of innocent people.  This war might have been over, it certainly would have been much reduced, had it not been for oil money. If we really want to be peacemakers, it seems to me we need to deny the access, turning off that spigot to the best of our ability to deny the killers, the murderers, the rapists, the ability to do business as usual.  Again I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Royce), the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Tancredo), the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), who has done great work on this, and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde). Of course, the Bachus amendment, which will be coming up shortly, is deserving of my colleagues' support.  Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. Royce), the chairman of the African subcommittee, for yielding and commend him for his outstanding leadership on behalf of the suffering individuals, not just in Sudan, but in other countries, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, who have been victimized by human rights abuse. I want to thank Chairman Hyde for his leadership in pushing this legislation.  And I want to especially thank my good friend, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Tancredo) the prime sponsor of the bill and all of the bipartisan sponsors of the pending Sudanese Peace Act. Is a step clearly in the right direction. It is an outstanding bill. It tries to advance the ball so that there will be peace.  We have lost 2 million Sudanese people, many of them women and children who have been slaughtered. Food has been used as a weapon in Sudan by the Khartoum government. We know that Operation Lifeline has often been stymied in efforts to feed those in the south. Amazingly the dictatorship has veto power over both where and whom humanitarian relief and food dispersements can be made. Khartoum is guilty of denying access to food and medicines by untold numbers of starving and emaciated people.  Back in 1996, Mr. Chairman, I chaired a series of hearings on Sudan. We convened the first hearing of its kind on slavery in Sudan. At that point, some people objected, were in disbelief and denial and said what are you talking about? Chattel slavery--the buying and selling and ownership of people, not unlike what we had in the United States and in other western countries before the civil war was--is--thriving in Sudan.  The gentleman from California (Mr. Royce) mentioned forced religious conversion and at hearings I chaired we heard from victims of the egregious practice. I have met mothers who have lost their children through forced Islamization, where their young children were literally abducted out of their homes and brought to camps where they were brainwashed. That is not what conversion is all about. Now we know that the Sudanese genocide is being financed, by oil--petrol dollars. I just bring to the attention of members that the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. Bachus) will be offering an amendment at the appropriate time that will deny the access of oil companies to our capital markets of the United States, if they are doing business in Sudan.  Talisman of Canada is an oil company that, unfortunately, like some of the others based in China are building up the capability of the Sudanese government to get boatloads of money, hard currency, which is now funding the slaughter of women and children and men. As a direct result of oil revenue, Sudan has doubled its military spending. Since 1998 the oil revenues per year have amounted to about $500 million, and that is going to grow as a direct result of Sudan's oil revenue and its ability to procure funds from U.S. equity sources.  Had it not been for oil revenues, the Sudanese genocide might have been over. It almost certainly would have been less lethal had it not been for oil money. If we really want to be peacemakers, it seems to me we need to deny Sudanese access to cash. We must turn off that spigot. We must deny the killers, the murderers, the rapists, the ability to conduct the business of genocide.  Again I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Royce), the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Tancredo). The Chairman of the Full Committee, Mr. Hyde, always a champion of human rights and the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), who has also done great work on this vital cause.  