Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen), for yielding me this time.  Madam Speaker, I am very proud to be the principal sponsor of this resolution on human rights in Cuba and especially grateful to the chairwoman of the Subcommittee of International Relations and Human Rights, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen), for her courage, for her consistency in promoting human rights in Cuba and all around the world. That consistency, I think, is very much needed in politics and in statesmanship, and I applaud her for it.  I also want to thank the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart), who has been outstanding in his defense of those who labor against all odds time and time again. Mr. Diaz-Balart is a powerful voice in Congress on behalf of the persecuted and opposed. It is an honor to be his friend and collegue.  We had the only hearing last year on Elian Gonzalez when he was abducted and sent back to Cuba. We heard from a number of people who dealt with children's rights--or the lack of children's rights--in Cuba, who talked about how the child is molded by Marxist ideology and that the parents have little or no rights with regard to their own offspring. We heard testimony from Reverend Walker who cited Matthew 25, one of my favorite teaching in the Bible, which talks about our Lord saying, ``When I was hungry did you feed me, when I was naked did you clothe me?'' And he was defending the Cuban dictatorship. Amazingly, he said that he saw the fulfillment of Matthew 25 in Cuba, which was an astounding and patently untrue statement to be made by a clergyman.  Then I asked him about a portion of Matthew 25 which he somehow left out. Jesus said: ``When I was in prison, did you visit me?'' So we asked him--I asked him and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart) jumped in right after me--did you Rev. Walker ever visit any of the 400, maybe as many as 1,200, political dissidents who have languished in Castro's gulags day in and day out? Did you ever visit any of those?  He said, oh, yes. Then the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Diaz-Balart) asked if I would yield and he jumped in and said, ``Name them.''  Not one single person was named because apparently he had never visited, to the best of our knowledge, any specific dissident; never spoke to power the dictatorship that is to say to Castro, in Havana of the needs and the daily degradations that are suffered and endured by those who labor for democracy.  As this resolution attests, and other speakers will surely amplify, the Castro regime is a totalitarian government that routinely employs torture, extrajudicial killings, forced abortion, and other gross abuses against its own citizens.  In my remarks, I would like to concentrate some of my time on the particularly grave situation of human rights defenders, the brave men and women inside of Cuba who dare to criticize the actions of the regime or who simply advocate compliance with the minimum standards of civility and decency set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.  One thing that frequently happens to human rights defenders in Cuba is that they are subjected to what the government calls ``acts of repudiation.'' Here is what the most recent Country Report on Human Rights Practices issued by our State Department had to say about these acts. At government instigation, and I quote,       ``Members of state-controlled mass organizations, fellow      workers or neighbors of intended victims are obliged to stage      public protests against those who dissent from the government      policies, shouting obscenities and often causing damage to      the homes and property of those targeted. Physical attacks on      the victims sometimes occur. Police and state security agents      are often present but take no action to prevent or to end the      attacks. Those who refuse to participate in these actions      face disciplinary action, including loss of employment.''  If a human rights defender persists in disagreeing with the government, he or she may be committed to a psychiatric institution. Like its former ally and protector, the Soviet Union, the Cuban government abuses psychiatry to imprison religious and political dissenters under the rubric of such diagnoses as, quote, ``apathy towards socialism, or,'' and I quote, ``delusions of defending human rights.''  Last year, Dr. Oscar Biscet criticized the government for a wide range of human rights violations, including its policy of forcing women and girls to have abortions. Fidel Castro called Biscet a ``little crazy man.'' The police then took Dr. Biscet to a psychiatric hospital for testing.  Dr. Biscet is now serving a 3-year sentence for the crime of what they call ``dangerousness''. Recently for fasting in remembrance of the murder of the men and women on the 13th of March, the boat that was deliberately cleared of its occupants and who were drowned by Castro's thugs, Dr. Biscet got over a month of solitary confinement simply because he fasted in protest.  Madam Speaker, political and religious prisoners are often subjected to torture and a number have died in prison due to the effects of such mistreatment and denial of proper medical care.  Madam Speaker, reasonable people may have some disagreement about what we should do from time to time with regard to U.S. policy for these brutal acts. Some believe in a policy of so-called constructive engagement. I strongly believe that our policy of isolating the regime subject to carefully defined humanitarian exceptions for food and medicine that are already a part of U.S. law with respect to Cuba is the right policy.  The one thing we should all agree on, whatever our differences on other aspects of U.S. policy, is that the United States should tell the truth. Indeed, the whole purpose of the U.N. Human Rights Commission now meeting in Geneva is to provide a forum in which representatives of sovereign nations will speak to each other openly and honestly about human rights. This is not always as easy as it sounds, because the Commission's membership includes such world-class human rights violators as the People's Republic of China, Vietnam, Libya, Iraq, and Saudi Arabia; and it also includes Cuba, whose delegate stood up in Geneva last week and proudly reported that, and I quote, ``there are no human rights violations in Cuba.''  Give me a break, Madam Speaker. What utter nonsense.  Madam Speaker, a strong bipartisan vote for today's resolution will send a signal to Havana, to the community of nations assembled in Geneva, and to the victims themselves, that we Americans remain united in our commitment to tell the truth, and our commitment to the well being of those who suffer daily for democracy and human rights; and it is our hope that the truth, with the help of God, will set the Cuban people free.  