Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 3392, a bill to name the National Cemetery in Saratoga, New York, after Gerald B.H. Solomon, who we all knew and loved as Jerry. This is a fitting honor and memorial to our former colleague, the distinguished chairman of the Committee on Rules.  I want to commend and thank the gentleman from Illinois (Speaker Hastert) for introducing this important bill. I know how highly the Speaker thought of Jerry Solomon and valued his service to the House of Representatives. So it is a tribute in itself that the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hastert), who, as Speaker, does not normally introduce legislation, has taken this very extraordinary step. I am grateful to have been afforded the opportunity to be an original cosponsor of H.R. 3392.  In addition to naming the cemetery for Jerry Solomon, this bill will also authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to place a suitable memorial in the cemetery to honor his memory.  It is highly fitting that our distinguished colleague was laid to rest in the Saratoga National Cemetery because the cemetery itself owes its existence to Jerry Solomon. He worked tirelessly for this cemetery for 15 years to overcome obstacle after obstacle to its establishment. He promoted it in his town meetings, he pushed for timely completion of the environmental impact studies, he worked with members of the Committee on Appropriations to ensure that the money was appropriated for it, and overcame official indifference in the executive branch.  His unwavering determination, no matter how difficult an objective, manifested itself time and time again. I think it probably had much to do with his service in the U.S. Marine Corps; but also it reflected the kind of man that he was: he was tenacious, he was tough, and he was fair.  He enlisted, as I think many of my colleagues know, in the Marine Corps at the beginning of the Korean War and served for 8\1/2\ years on active duty and in the reserve. He is one of the few who was good enough to be a Marine; and of the many awards he received during his public service, among his most cherished were the Iron Mike Award from the Marine Corps League, and the Distinguished Citizen Award from the National Congressional Medal of Honor Society.  All of us, Madam Speaker, learned from the example of Jerry Solomon. I recall so well when he was the ranking Republican member of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, again, he always put veterans first. He was always fighting to ensure that there was an adequate veterans budget, particularly in the area of health care. He believed that the VA was one of those commitments that, once we make it, that they had first dibs for every dollar that we would spend.  He was also one of the prime leaders in making sure that we had a cabinet level for the VA, so when it came to allocating scarce resources, that they would be there, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs would be there at the table fighting and fighting hard for veterans' benefits and for veterans' health care.  More recently, following his retirement after 20 years in Congress, President George Bush recognized Jerry Solomon's leadership and wisdom by appointing him to co-chair the Presidential Task Force to Improve Health Care Delivery for our Nation's Veterans.  Like everything else, he launched himself into this new endeavor with enthusiasm and commitment and actively served on that issue and on that commission until his final illness.  Madam Speaker, I had the honor of serving many years in the House with Jerry Solomon and in every case found him to be one of the most outspoken, straightforward, tenacious, and patriotic Members of Congress that this body has ever produced. He was a great man; and we honor him in a very modest way, much more could be done for this great man, by naming this important cemetery in his honor.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  