Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman Mr. Hyde, and thank him for his very eloquent remarks just a few moments ago and for all the very moving statements being made on the floor today.  Mr. Speaker, words, however, are simply inadequate to convey the utter shock, horror, sorrow, dismay and anger over yesterday's supreme act of cowardice against innocent Americans. Our prayers and hearts go out to the victims--the dead and the wounded--and to those who at this very hour cling to life, horribly trapped under concrete, jagged glass, and steel.  Our Nation's admiration and respect for the firefighters, police officers, and medics, many of whom lost their lives in the line of duty, is deep. Valor, courage, and selflessness were commonplace yesterday as many rescuers became themselves victims.  Our hearts go out to the victims' families and close friends who today must cope with their excruciating loss. As shock abates, the numbing pain of yesterday's terror will leave indelible scars. May God supernaturally intervene with healing comfort and that peace that surpasses understanding.  Mr. Speaker, the cowards who perpetrated these crimes against God and humanity must be brought to justice no matter how long it takes. And by the grace of God, and the crafting of wise policy initiatives, this must never be allowed to happen again. We must take all the requisite steps to win that war which the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) spoke of earlier, the war against terrorism.  Those who wish us harm should know, Mr. Speaker, that Americans are strong, determined, and resilient. America is united; not to be underestimated. In like manner, President Bush is strong and determined; fully in charge and not to be underestimated, and will lead us with boldness as well as prudence.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, America's foundational strength is not to be found in its military might, significant as that is, or our relative prosperity, and we are indeed rich in the world's resources, but it is to be found in our individual and collective faith in and faithfulness to God. May this horrific act of mass violence compel us to turn anew to God, seeking healing, restoration, and justice, as well as divine guidance, so that His will will be done on Earth as it is in heaven.  