Mr. Chairman, I just want to make a couple of points in rebuttal to those comments made by my friends on the other side of this issue.  A couple of their speakers have said that somehow the fungibility argument is analogous, to what we were doing with the faith-based initiative proposed by President Bush.  I would suggest that in the faith-based initiative, there is a benign outcome, a benign consequence. If, as a matter of fact, because we give money to a religious organization, which in-turn frees up money, for example, for them to proselytize their religion, I think most of us would agree that is not a bad thing. That is why we give tax breaks to religious organizations, regardless of denomination or belief, because we do believe that religious beliefs are a positive good for society.  That is not the case when we are talking about money and fungibility with regard to family planning and abortion. If the organization, a pro-abortion organization, is performing and killing and decimating, destroying, chemically poisoning and dismembering unborn children, because U.S. funding allows them to use their own money for abortion, that is not a benign consequence, that is a horrific consequence.  If our U.S. funding for family planning is used to free up other money for abortion, we have a responsibility to step in and protect the child and only fund those groups that just do family planning.  I believe as reasonable men and women we can make choices and say, we do not want that consequence. So here in the Mexico City policy, the fungibility argument has real teeth, it has real grip. It ensures that we do not subsidize groups that engage in abortion, the killing of unborn children.  Let me also point out to my colleagues again that when the Mexico City policy was in effect, 350 nongovernmental organizations accepted the pro-life Mexico City provisions, including 57 affiliates of the International Planned Parenthood Federation based in London. That is 57 mostly in-country affiliates who said, we will divest ourselves of killing. Abortion is killing. Family planning is not.  I would hope and I would respectfully submit, this is a modest policy. We do not reduce family planning by a dime. Last year we appropriated $425 million for family planning, and $425 million will go forward for family planning, with the pro-life safeguards.  