Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Virginia for yielding me this time.  Let me just say, Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 3248, to designate the United States Postal Service facility in Cranbury as the Todd Beamer Post Office Building, and want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Holt) for sponsoring the legislation that is before us today.  Mr. Speaker, when Congress names particular facilities in honor of someone, we do it because they have made an outstanding contribution to society. I can think of no one who deserves that honor more than Todd Beamer. The accounts of his heroism aboard Flight 93 fill us with awe and gratitude and inspire us. And by all accounts, it was Todd's faith in the Lord that inspired him to act with such decisiveness and tenacity and with such courage.  Todd's deeds and the actions of his fellow passengers aboard Flight 93 have become powerfully etched into the psyche of America itself. Flight 93 has become a symbol of the American spirit, the spirit of courage and selfless sacrifice, of standing up to cowards who would kill in the middle of the night or by using aircraft as cruise missiles.  When faced with the ultimate test of character, Todd Beamer did not flinch for one moment. He took bold action to stop an act of terrorism in progress. On his last phone call from the aircraft, Todd told Lisa Jefferson, the GTE air phone supervisor working out of the Illinois facility, that he and his other passengers aboard Flight 93 were planning to overpower the hijackers and to stop their suicide attack. Miss Jefferson cautioned him to consider carefully what he was saying: ``Are you sure that that is what you want to do, Todd?'' Todd's response: ``It's what we have to do.''  Mr. Speaker, how often do we hear those words--this is something I have to do--the notion that someone is acting out of a moral imperative is astonishing in this day and age. Well, Todd did it and did it with great distinction and courage.  Many in America before September 11 had become jaded about the notion of selfless sacrifice, Mr. Speaker, of doing what is right even when you know it may cost you your very life. We know from the Scriptures that our Lord Jesus Christ said, ``There is no greater love than he who lays down his life for his brother or for his sister,'' and that is exactly what Todd Beamer has done. Surely he has, is and will be greatly blessed in Heaven for his sacrifice.  Mr. Speaker, the cowardly terrorists counted on both the element of surprise and on the element of intimidation to achieve their awful end, but they did not count on meeting face to face with the likes of Todd Beamer. Todd Beamer was an extraordinary man on what should have been an ordinary flight. And when faced with a horrific set of circumstances, Todd stepped up to the plate and he did what had to be done. And he never, not for a moment, by all accounts, even hesitated.  Instead, Todd drew his courage and strength from his faith. He told LisaJefferson, ``I don't think we're going to get out of this thing. I'm going to have to go out on faith.'' Mr. Speaker, his last words, as we all know, and as President Bush has quoted, was ``Let's roll.'' And those words, I think, have mobilized and motivated and inspired all Americans in our current fight in Afghanistan. ``Let's roll.'' Let's stop these terrorists.  Let me finally remind Members of Todd's embrace of Psalm 23, which surely was in Todd's heart in those final moments, where it is said by King David, ``The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures; he leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoreth my soul; he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for His name's sake. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I fear no evil; for thou art with me; thy rod and staff they comfort me.''  A post office memorializing Todd Beamer is the least we in Congress can do to honor his supreme sacrifice. He was a great man; and we honor his widow Lisa--a strong woman in her own right and his family.  