Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Mica), for yielding me the time.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of this resolution to honor the heroes on Flight 93 who undoubtedly gave their lives so that other people, perhaps people in this building, perhaps all of us, would be able to live.  Words, it seems to me, seem inadequate to express the deep emotions that we feel for the loss suffered by the surviving family members of those who perished on September 11. We offer our sincere condolences, and we pray that God may supernaturally intervene with healing, comfort, and peace for them, especially during this holiday season.  Mr. Speaker, we will not forget the action of those on Flight 93. Like I said, they probably saved the lives of many people here in Washington. Capitol Hill was a very busy morning on September 11. Many congressional hearings were taking place. As a matter of fact, as chairman of the Committee on Veterans Affairs, at 10 o'clock I was convening a hearing with the American Legion, and there were several hundred legionnaires in attendance at that hearing.  On the Senate side, the First Lady was preparing to testify on a hearing on early childhood development.  Their lives were saved, the lives of all of the employees here in the Capitol were probably saved from a horror because of their very heroic action.  The planned destruction of buildings was prevented. The Capitol, the White House, the many monuments, we are not sure what the final destination was. There is a great deal of conjecture, but the odds were that they were coming here.  Our Nation, Mr. Speaker, owes these passengers and crew an enormous debtof gratitude, and, again, their sacrifice will be remembered for many, many years to come.  I would like to just point out that there were at least seven people who lived in or near my own central New Jersey district who were on that flight. Some of the family members and friends have contacted my office, and we have tried to work on their behalf. Their names are in the resolution, but out of respect and gratitude I would like to read their names again: Flight Attendant Lorraine Bay; Todd Beamer, who was in the district just north of me, in the gentleman from New Jersey's (Mr. Holt) district; Patrick Driscoll; Edward Felt; Jeremy Glick; Richard Guadagno. Donald and Jean Peterson were also on board that flight.  And one final point. Earlier the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) mentioned the fact that the crews, especially the pilots, were admonished, more than admonished, they were told by the FAA that they were to cooperate if there was a hijacking and go to wherever it is the hijackers wanted them to go. My own brother is an airline pilot. He is a 757 captain with a major airline, and he, too, has told me how obnoxious it is that that was the policy, take them to Cuba, take them to Tripoli, take them to where it is they want to go because they have got to put the safety of the passengers first. It is obnoxious now more than ever because we know that there are different designs on those planes being carried out.  I just want to make it very clear, it is my sense and a sense that this will not happen, that whether it be the crew or whether it be the passengers--or not--that we will never see another airliner turned into a cruise missile again because there will be action taken; and, again, Flight 93 has set a precedent that will live on forever, that people will not stand idly by when they know that they are going to be part of a terrorist action unwittingly, as were the other flights.  Again, I want to commend the maker of the resolution, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Fletcher), my good friend, for offering it.  