Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the pending Foreign Relations Authorization Act crafted so ably by the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Hyde) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), the ranking member.  I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) for his extraordinary leadership as chairman of the committee. I think we are off to a good start, and I commend him and thank him for his great leadership.  H.R. 1646, Mr. Chairman, authorizes a myriad of critical State Department functions, funding for international organizations, freedom broadcasting, democracy initiatives, public diplomacy, cultural and educational exchanges, refugee protection, and funding and conditions on such funding for the United Nations.  This legislation builds on our achievements in the last Congress regarding these issues and is especially important in strengthening security for our missions abroad. In light of the significant increase in threats to our personnel and embassies overseas, Congress has a sacred duty to ensure that every imaginable step be taken to make posting abroad as risk-free as humanly possible. This bill is a faithful attempt to achieve that goal.  Finally, the bill contains several disparate provisions from authorizing the transfer of naval vessels to Taiwan, Poland, Brazil, and Turkey; to the establishment of special envoys within the State Department to Tibet and Sudan; to promoting police reform & peace in Northern Ireland.  After general debate, Mr. Chairman, the House will consider several amendments; and today it is my understanding we will only be getting to the U.N. amendments, so I would like to address some of those briefly.  First, let me urge my colleagues to strongly support a modest compromise amendment to be offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) and the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) to condition the release of the third and final arrearage payment of $244 million, which would be released next year, on the U.S. reclaiming its seat on the U.N. Human Rights Commission.  Tragically, the U.N. Human Rights Commission, created to be a watchdog for human rights, has become seriously flawed and compromised. 