 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support for House Resolution 224, which honors more than 10,000 members of the New Jersey State Law Enforcement Officers Association.  As a proud co-sponsor of this resolution, which was introduced prior to the September 11th attacks, our respect for New Jersey's law enforcement officers runs deep. Day in and day out, these individuals routinely put their life on the line--valor, courage and bravery are commonplace in their daily job.  Formed in 1938, The New Jersey State Law Enforcement Officers Association celebrates a rich tradition of service and dedication to our citizens. Individuals who enforce New Jersey's state laws, and the ordinances of New Jersey municipalities, are eligible for active membership. Currently, the Association includes members from Federal, State, County and Municipal Law Enforcement Agencies, including Special and Auxiliary Police.  Mr. Speaker, the events of September 11, 2001 have shown all Americans that our law enforcement officers serve at great risk to their personal safety. The men and women of New Jersey's law enforcement community are genuine community leaders who do a tough job and do it well. Within an hour of the attack, New Jersey police officers were deployed to the Hudson River to assist the victims.  Every single day since then, they have been working around-the-clock to bolster security in the New Jersey-New York region. Specifically, additional troopers have been mobilized to augment security in airports, bridges, and tunnels, as well as to strengthen security at the Salem Hope Creek and Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Stations. New Jersey State Patrol Marine units have also been deployed to patrol waterways, especially the waterways adjacent to the nuclear facilities. New Jersey State Police have also increased their presence in Atlantic City Hotels and other likely terrorist targets.  New Jersey officers have also had to deal with thousands of calls in response to pubic fears about anthrax contamination. HAZMAT teams have been deployed across the state to investigate actual anthrax incidents, as well as cruel hoaxes. In my own district, the Hamilton police department has been working non-stop to protect and reassure local residents who have seen their very neighbors and co-workers exposed and even infected with anthrax.  In our greatest hour of need, New Jersey law enforcement officers have filled the breach and made us all proud.  Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the bravery and honor of the law enforcement officers of New Jersey. The New Jersey State Law Enforcement Officers Association is the voice of those who dedicate their lives to protecting and serving our communities, and especially at this time of uncertainty, our law enforcement officers deserve our full support.  