Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H. Con. Res. 239, a timely and very necessary call for prayer and/or spiritual reflection during this time of extreme challenge.  Mr. Speaker, as the father of four, I know that kids have vexing questions and myriad doubts and concerns over the recent spate of horrific terrorist acts. In the minds of many of our young people and in the minds of the old alike, cruelty, mass murder, terrorism defy easy answers. It seems to me that prayer or spiritual reflection in all venues, not just in the church, not just at home, but in all venues, including school, fosters healing and fosters reconciliation.  The why of it, the questions concerning the essence of good and evil defy simply logic. To understand the depravity of September 11 requires all of us to look deeply at the hearts and at matters spiritual.  The gentleman from North Carolina's (Mr. Jones) modest call for prayer or, and I emphasize the word ``or,'' quiet reflection is a positive, constructive, liberating and very necessary thing. Our young people need encouragement to pray and they need encouragement to reflect.  Frankly, I find it bewildering and disappointing that this modest proposal should engender any opposition at all. There is nothing dangerous or risky about encouraging and even admonishing children to pray and to reflect. The gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Jones) does not prescribe any specific prayer, nor is there anything in this resolution concerning specific content.  I would hope that our children would be inspired not only to pray, but to pray for wisdom and understanding and strength, and also to pray for the victims and their families and their friends. There are a lot of hurting people out there. They need prayer. And I think we should encourage our kids to pray.  I would hope America's young people would pray for reconciliations among people of disparate and often conflicting perspectives, and to pray for justice for those who perpetrate these crimes and cruelty.  Mr. Speaker, prayer and spiritual reflection are as necessary as food and oxygen, and without it, our kids are deprived of the most essential element in building character. This is an excellent resolution and I hope we get a unanimous vote.  