Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me.  Let me note that I believe the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Greenwood) has injected what I really believe to be a straw man argument when he suggests the issue of insoulment is part of this debate. It is not relevant. We are not talking about insoulment. The real issue before us is the simple but highly profound issue of whether or not it will be legally permissible to create human life for research purposes.  Mr. Speaker, human cloning, if it is not already here, it is certainly on the fast track. It is not a matter of if, it is a matter of when. It seems to me we have to make sure that these newly created human beings are not created for the purpose of exploitation, abuse, and destructive experimentation.  Human life, Mr. Speaker, can survive a few days, a few minutes, a few seconds, a few weeks, a few months, a few years, perhaps to old age. We need to understand and understand the profound truth that life is a continuum.  Earlier in the debate, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Greenwood) stated that the scientists would simply stop the process, stop the process. Think about those words. What does that mean, stop the process? Stop that human life. That is what we are talking about.  Mr. Speaker, I remember the debate we had some years back in 1996 when some of our colleagues stood up and pounded the tables before them and said, and this is the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), ``We should not be involved in the creation of embryos for research. I completely agree with my colleagues on that score.''  I remember that debate. I was here, as were some of my other colleagues. Everyone said they were against the creation of human embryos for human research.  Today, Member after Member gets up and says, I am against human cloning. As I said before, just because we say we are does not mean that we really are.  The only bill that stops human cloning is the Weldon-Stupak bill. I would respectfully say the bill that is offered by my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania will do nothing of the kind. It will perhaps stop some implantation but will not stop human cloning. We must vote for the underlying bill.  