Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans), my good friend, for yielding to me.  Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I am very proud to bring to the floor today H.R. 801, as amended, the Veterans' Survivor Benefits Improvements Act of 2001.  It is fitting that we consider this legislation shortly before the Memorial Day period, a day on which we remember all of those who died while serving in our Nation's Armed Forces.  This bill is a reminder of what we have owed to the survivors of our servicemen and women. And although much remains to be done by this Congress, it is the harbinger of what we can accomplish to keep our commitment to veterans and to their families.  Mr. Speaker, those who have been following this particular bill may be a little bit surprised that it does not contain all of the provisions that were in the bill when we originally passed it in the House late March. Mr. Speaker, I want to ensure my colleagues that those provisions that were stricken by the Senate amendment remain the subject of a very active conversation between our colleagues over on the Senate side. We expect that the Senate will hold hearings on most, if not all, of those provisions later this year and we will be reintroducing them as well.  Virtually all of those who have testified before our Subcommittee on Benefits earlier this year expressed support for the provision of H.R. 801; and I anticipate that when the Senate holds its hearings, they will have the input from the VSOs and will be supportive of those provisions.  Mr. Speaker, I also want to encourage the Senate to give favorable consideration to H.R. 811, the Veterans Hospital Emergency Repair Act; and I just remind my colleagues that we passed that last March as well.  Mr. Speaker, at this time I would like to provide a very brief explanation of the provisions being considered today. When Congress created the Civilian Health and Medical Program, Veterans Affairs program nearly 30 years ago, it intended CHAMPVA to provide services for certain severely disabled veterans' families that were similar to the benefits furnished to retired families under CHAMPUS.  Over the years, however, CHAMPUS changed from a simple fee-basis reimbursement program to a managed care activity now known as TRICARE. Last year, TRICARE became entwined with Medicare as a secondary payer for military retired families under the ``TRICARE for Life'' extension approved by the Floyd Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001.  What we are doing today with H.R. 801 is an effort to make the two programs comparable once again by authorizing benefits similar to those under the TRICARE for Life.  H.R. 801 also directs VA to improve outreach services of spouses, surviving spouses, children and dependent parents of veterans and requires the VA to ensure that eligible dependents are made aware of veterans' services through the media and veterans' publications.  As amended, H.R. 801 retains the House provision to expand the Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance program to provide coverage for the spouse and children of a servicemember enrolled in the insurance program. This is a very family-friendly provision, and I am glad it survived over on the Senate side.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, within the last few years, we have lost a number of servicemembers to plane crashes, training accidents, and, of course, to acts of terrorism at sea. Last year, the Congress approved legislation to increase the maximum amount of the Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance from $200,000 to $250,000. Even though the bill was signed into law on November 1 of 2000, this particular provision did not go into effect until April of this year. The Senate amendment to H.R. 801 leaves unchanged the House proposal to provide an increase retroactive to October 1, 2000 for survivors of servicemembers who died during the performance of their duty and had previously elected maximum insurance amount.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Reyes), the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. Jo Ann Davis), along with Senator John Warner, for working with the full committee and for working so very hard on this provision.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans) for the gentleman's steadfast leadership, not just for this provision, but for all of the contents of this bill and for working in a very bipartisan way on so many of these issues that we have and will continue to bring to the floor.  