Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, I am pleased that the House is considering H.R. 3423, as amended, so promptly. This bill would change in-ground burial eligibility at Arlington National Cemetery by eliminating the requirement that retired reservists be in receipt of their retirement pay.  Reservists must be 60 years old to receive pay, and existing Army rules do not allow these gray zone retirees to be buried at Arlington. The bill would also make eligible for in-ground burial reservists who die in the line of duty during active or inactive training.  Madam Speaker, Arlington is the Nation's most famous veterans cemetery with a storied history of American heros who are buried there. However, there is limited space for in-ground burial at the cemetery. In 1967, the Army adopted rules restricting eligibility as to which veterans can be buried there. It should be noted that Arlington will provide space for cremated remains in its columbaria for honorably discharged veterans eligible for burial at any of the other national cemeteries.  In general, Army rules restrict in-ground burial at Arlington to veterans who were wounded in combat, died on active duty, received one of the military service's highest awards for gallantry or were held prisoner of war or retired from military service.  The bill before us, Madam Speaker, would amend those Army rules to ensure access for retired reservists such as Captain Charles Burlingame, III, the pilot of flight 77 which tragically crashed into the Pentagon on September 11. Indeed, Captain Burlingame, a former Navy F-4 Phantom fighter pilot, was one of the first casualties in the war on terrorism.  The existing Army rules, however, prevented Captain Burlingame, who was 51, from receiving full burial rights at Arlington National Cemetery solely because of his age at death.  In every other aspect, Captain Burlingame was fully qualified having served 20 years of service with distinction. Fortunately, Captain Burlingame was eventually approved for his own burial in his own grave site through a waiver approved by the Secretary of the Army. Captain Burlingame deserved the Nation's highest honor of burial at that hallowed ground of Arlington, not only because he gave his life trying to save his passengers, but because he did his duty to our Nation as a member of the Naval Reserve as a combat pilot.  Burial space is very limited, Madam Speaker, at Arlington; and I appreciate the interest in maintaining its strict eligibility rules. Those rules have remained essentially unchanged over the last 34 years. But the role of our reserve forces has changed markedly over the last number of years, the last 34 or so years.  In the Congress, we have recognized this by authorizing many benefits for reservists that previously were only provided to former active duty personnel. Reservists play a major role in the modern total force concept that protect our freedoms. Today we are unable to go to war without mobilizing reservists right from the start. It is inequitable, I would suggest, that a reservist who serves our Nation for a minimum of 20 years shall have been eligible for in-ground burial at Arlington simply because he or she had the misfortune to die prior to the age of 60. In addition to such distinguished retirees as Captain Burlingame, this legislation would make eligible members of the reserve components who die in the line of duty while performing weekend or two-week reserve duty.  Frankly, I see no reason why a reservist's eligibility for Arlington should be based on whether that person was or was not in training status when he or she died in the line of duty. In today's military, there is usually no practical difference.  Madam Speaker, the danger of serving in our Armed Forces is emphasized by the thousands of active duty deaths which occur each and every year. Almost all of these deaths occur not as a result of hostile action, but as the predictable toll of employing young men and women in sometimes dangerous and daunting tasks while operating complex weapons systems that put them at risk. Many of them are also the result of automobile accidents.  Under current law, we honor each of these service members by offering their families honors and benefits because their death occurred in the line of duty. One of those honors is to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery.  At our hearing on this last week, Madam Speaker, we received very compelling testimony from several witnesses that a military plane crash may end the lives of all on board, but that the status of those who died may range from active duty to inactive duty training. To afford burial at Arlington to one whose status was active duty while denying it to yet another who was inactive is illogical, and it is profoundly unfair. This bill would make the rules more equitable.  During the committee consideration of this measure, we agreed to adopt an amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans), my good friend and colleague, the ranking member of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs. The amendment authorizes but does not require the construction of a memorial at Arlington Cemetery to all of those that were killed on September 11. Under existing regulations, it is necessary for Congress to authorize a memorial such as the one contemplated in this bill.  I have met, Madam Speaker, with a number of the families of persons who were killed on September 11, and there would undoubtedly be constructed a national memorial to their loved ones. This legislation respects the desires of the families by requiring the Secretary of the Army to consult with them prior to determining whether the memorial should be built at Arlington and, if so, how it should be designed in a manner that is compatible with the existing cemetery.  Madam Speaker, this is a good bill. It is urgent that it be passed immediately.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  (