Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3447, the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001. Although this bill was only recently introduced, it is the product of many months of work by both bodies. It is derived from the following bills: H.R. 2792 which passed the House on October 23; S. 1160; S. 1188; and S. 1221. The bill would accomplish improvements in health care and related services for our Nation's veterans.  The distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Health the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Moran) deserves special recognition for his original authorship of major components of this bill. I salute his leadership in formulating it for final House consideration in the first session of the 107th Congress. I also appreciate the hard work of our colleagues on the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs who have contributed major portions of this legislation as well.  Mr. Speaker, this bill would enhance nurse recruitment and staffing in the Department of Veterans Affairs health care system and improve VA health care for veterans. The bill would also authorize significant new veterans health care benefits, including VA chiropractic care for disabled veterans on a nationwide basis. This legislation would provide greater accountability in the conduct of VA health care programs and would give substantial relief from copayments now required of poor veterans in urban areas.  Mr. Speaker, all of these changes are good for veterans and they are good for the Nation. I anticipate that, after House passage, this bill will be taken up immediately by the Senate and passed without further amendment. It represents an agreement between the two Committees on Veterans' Affairs on these matters; and while it is a compromise on several House-authored provisions, we recommend it as sound, progressive policy.  Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our full committee ranking member the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans) for his close cooperation on this bipartisan bill. He is a valued partner as we work together to keep our great country's commitments to those men and women who have defended our precious freedoms. The gentleman from California (Mr. Filner), the ranking member of our Subcommittee on Health, has also worked hard on this bill, in particular for the new chiropractic care services for our veterans. I thank him for his contributions as well.  The leadership on both sides of the aisle have facilitated the clearance for consideration of this bill, which the committee also deeply appreciates. I want to especially thank the majority leader, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Armey), for facilitating that as well. We were able to work through this process in remarkably short order because our House leadership continues to make veterans issues a priority.  Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this measure. It has broad backing and sends the right message: Congress will be attentive to the people's business and stand by those courageous men and women who have answered the call to arms.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  