Madam Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of this resolution, H. Res. 298, calling for Veterans Day to remain a distinct Federal holiday observed every year on November 11.  Eighty-three years ago, in a forest northeast of Paris, an armistice was signed that ended the fighting in World War I commencing on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month of 1918. The war to end all wars was over. It had been won through the selfless service and sacrifice of tens of thousands of American men and women, joining together with millions of our British, French, and other allies.  To commemorate this historic event, the following year, President Woodrow Wilson, who I would note parenthetically was a former New Jersey Governor, issued a proclamation declaring November 11 Armistice Day, saying that, and I quote, ``The reflections of Armistice Day will be filled with solemn pride in the heroism of those who died in the country's service and with the gratitude for the victory.'' Following World War II, Armistice Day was renamed Veterans Day to honor all those men and women who served a grateful Nation.  Madam Speaker, as chairman of the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I am unalterably opposed to any proposal that would alter or in any way diminish Veterans Day. In particular, I stand in opposition to the recommendation of the National Commission on Federal Election Reform that Federal elections be held concurrently with Veterans Day.  While I, like every other Member of this House, want citizens to fully exercise their franchise and to vote, I do not believe diluting Veterans Day is a way to achieve that end. Such a change would defeat the purpose of reserving a day in the year to honor all men and women, living and deceased, who have risked their lives to defend our Nation.  Veterans Day, especially when it is coupled with Memorial Day, the day we honor our war dead and those who have died who served honorably, are 2 days, and it is the least we can do, I would say, Madam Speaker. And, again, to diminish it would be wrong.  In 1987, Madam Speaker, Congress made a similar mistake when legislation was approved to change the national Veterans Day observance from November 11 to the fourth Monday in October to create a 3-day weekend for Federal employees. This misguided policy was quickly abandoned following a national outcry from millions of Americans, veterans and nonveterans alike.  Madam Speaker, Veterans Day is more than just a holiday. It is a continuing history lesson for all Americans. It is a reminder that freedom is not free; that our liberties, which are endowed by our Creator, must be defended against all who would remove them.  This is a very good resolution and I urge strong support for it.  