Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding time to me.  Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2069 and believe the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Hyde) deserves special recognition and thanks for his persistence on behalf of all who are weak and vulnerable, including AIDS victims.  As my colleagues know, and has been said on the floor today, the scourge of AIDS around the globe has reached catastrophic proportions, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa. A December report by U.N. AIDS indicated that nearly 25.3 million adults and children are infected with the HIV virus in sub-Saharan Africa. To put this in perspective, this region has about 10 percent of the world's population, but more than 70 percent of the HIV/AIDS patients.  Madam Speaker, among the most tragic of the victims are the children who contact HIV via vertical transmission, from mother to child, during or shortly after childbirth. Some estimates place the number of vertical transmission cases at 600,000 babies annually in Africa. Madam Speaker, vertical transmission is specifically addressed in this bill. In an age where we already have proven drug regimens and methods to prevent mother-to-child transmission, and we have had them for sometime now, Madam Speaker, it is outrageous that so many children around the world are still contracting HIV/AIDS in this manner. This could be stopped, and this bill goes a long way to doing so.  I would also point out to my colleagues that during markup I offered an amendment in the area of hospice and palliative care. Madam Speaker, unfortunately, today, when people, particularly in Africa, get AIDS, they are treated as lepers, like we had in Biblical times: People go nowhere near them, even when they are family members.  Thankfully, there is an effort under way in Africa and elsewhere to reach out to these people so they can die in dignity, and hopefully with the least amount of pain as is humanly possible. In South Africa, the Catholic Church and Catholic Relief Services and others are doing incredible jobs of networking, of bringing the news that you can take care of an AIDS patient in your home without the fear of contamination yourself. There are methods and procedures that need to be followed; and thankfully, that word is getting out.  Madam Speaker, this legislation does address that and will target some resources in that direction.  Madam Speaker, this is a great bill. I hope Members will support it, and congratulations to the gentleman from Illinois (Chairman Hyde).  