Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I urge a unanimous vote in favor of this important resolution which makes clear that continued strong support of Congress for freedom and democracy in Burma and for the struggle of Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and the National League of Democracy to assert the fundamental rights of the Burmese people.  I want to thank and congratulate the gentleman from New York (Mr. King) and the 35 bipartisan cosponsors of this timely and important resolution.  Mr. Speaker, the manager's amendment, which is included in the text, now makes technical and drafting changes and has been agreed to by the chairman and the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) on the Democratic side of the aisle.  Mr. Speaker, 10 years ago this month, the Nobel Committee recognized what the whole world knew, that the only way to restore peace and prosperity to the once-proud nation of Burma was to restore legitimacy. Burma is different from most other countries in which power is wielded by a totalitarian dictatorship, in that we do not have to theorize what would they do if they had the opportunity. The people had the opportunity, and they chose to govern themselves.  Eleven years ago, the military dictatorship did allow an election, which they figured they would be able to win by fraud and by dividing and conquering the different ethnic groups that comprise the nation of Burma; but to their shock, dismay and surprise, the reformers won with an overwhelming support from all ethnic groups in all parts of the country. So the dictatorship simply canceled the results of the election.  Nevertheless, it laid to rest any doubt about the desire of the Burmese people, the earnest desire for freedom and democracy and about the fundamental illegitimacy of the military junta that has continued to govern Burma.  This resolution commends and rightfully commends Aung San Suu Kyi on the 10th anniversary of her receiving the Nobel Peace Prize. She is a great leader. That anniversary occurred on October 14 of this year. The resolution also describes the suppression of freedom and democracy by the Burmese military junta and the continuing struggle of Aung San Suu Kyi and the National League for Democracy to assert the rights, legitimate rights, of the Burmese people.  It declares the sense of the Congress that the U.S. Government should continue to encourage the government of Burma to restore basic human rights to the Burmese people; to eliminate the practice of human trafficking; to address the manufacture of heroin; and to continue the process of releasing political prisoners; to recognize the result of the 1990 elections; and to allow Aung San Suu Kyi and the National League for Democracy to enjoy unfettered freedom of speech and freedom of movement.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, this resolution declares a sense of Congress that Aung San Suu Kyi should be invited to address a joint meeting of the Congress. It is my hope that this meeting will occur when Aung San Suu Kyi has taken her rightful place as the leader of a free and democratic Burma.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of our time.  