Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1696, as amended, a bill that would expedite construction of the world War II Memorial in the District of Columbia. This memorial for the most significant event of the twentieth century is already long overdue, but today Congress is taking action to remove the roadblocks holding up construction of the memorial.  I commend our Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle for expeditiously taking up H.R. 1696 after House passage on May 15, 2001, and for the thoughtful dialogue that led to the compromise language in the Senate amendment to the bill. I believe that we now have legislation that accomplishes the objectives we sought: to establish definitely that the memorial's location will remain the Rainbow Pool between the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial; that the overall design already selected will be what is built; and that any pending lawsuits will be rendered moot.  Again, I salute the leadership of my distinguished colleague, Bob Stump, in introducing H.R. 1696, managing its House passage, and negotiating with the Senate on an amendment acceptable to both bodies. I associate myself with his remarks in their substance and in recognizing the contributions of many Members to this legislation.  President Bush's expression of support on May 16, 2001 for moving quickly to begin construction of the memorial gave our legislation a real boost and was much appreciated. He has made it clear he will sign this bill. And with Memorial Day approaching, how could we do less than ensure that our World War II veterans will be honored on this prominent site on the Mall?  Mr. Speaker, the extraordinary action Congress is taking here is not the sort of thing we should do often, but I am convinced that in this instance it is appropriate and necessary. I hope it will serve as a reminder that the patience of Congress and the American people is not endless, and that the agencies and commissions of government are constitutionally accountable to Congress as well as the courts.  The bill would allow the normal and necessary administrative decisions to be made in carrying out the design as memorial construction proceeds. However, I think it is obvious that Congress will not lose its keen interest in the progress of the memorial once this legislation is enacted into law.  Mr. Speaker, the Senate having approved the compromise bill by unanimous consent, I urge every Member of the House to join in supporting our World War II veterans by giving favorable consideration to H.R. 1696, as amended.  