Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Thomas) for yielding me the time. I thank him also for staying, true to his word. He said he would have this bill on the floor in three days. Actually, he had the bill on the floor just a few days after the horrific event of 9/11. We want to thank him, all of us from New Jersey, for bringing this very important legislation back to the floor with the Senate changes.  Passage of this bill, Mr. Speaker, will provide immediate and substantial tax rebates to the spouses and children of nearly 3,500 victims who met tragic deaths in the horrific attacks on September 11.  Seven hundred New Jersey residents, more than 50 from my own District, never came home on September 11. They were the first victims and the first heroes of America's war on terrorism.  There are additional heroes, Mr. Speaker, namely, the wives, the widows of those who were murdered on September 11. Over the last several weeks, both my wife, Marie, and I and members of my staff have met many of the widows, and we have been moved greatly by their loss as well as by their courage. Last week, my wife and I, as well as other members of the New Jersey delegation, joined with several of those widows from our State in a meeting with Speaker Hastert, and he, too, was moved by what they had to say.  These brave women courageously reminded Congress of the heartbreaking burdens that they have faced since the shock of 9/11. They made it very clear that this tax relief is a matter of survival to them. Much of the money has run out that they had saved personally. For many of them, the assistance they got from charitable contributions ran out on December 1. The Victims Compensation Fund has not kicked in yet. There had to be something to provide very real money a bridge for these individuals.  The Victims Tax Relief Bill will help to do that.  Among the more moving remarks, and there were many that we have heard over the last several months, were the comments of Sheila Martello, who lost her husband Jim in the World Trade Center. Last week Mrs. Martello said ``we do not want to be here in Washington fighting for this benefit. We would rather be doing what we do best, raising our children.''  Again, I want to thank the chairman for his leadership on this. I thank the Speaker for his personal commitment. Both Mr. Thomas and Speaker Hastert moved very quickly right after this tragedy, along with the gentleman from New York (Mr. Rangel). This is a good, bipartisan bill and will help these people through this very, very difficult time. It could not come at a more important time for them.  