Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LoBiondo), the distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure.  Mr. LoBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I rise with so many of my colleagues today in strong support of this House Resolution to condemn the terrorist attacks on America. I want to extend my deepest sympathies to the thousands of Americans who lost friends and family during yesterday's terrorist attacks. We grieve today for our nation's loss, but we will never lose America's resolve to remain a beacon of justice and freedom in a world where these values are under constant threat.  These attacks claimed victims from all across the Nation and killed many from my State of New Jersey. One victim was Victor Saracini, a United Airlines pilot and native of Atlantic City, New Jersey, who died when his hijacked plane hit the World Trade Center. Victor is remembered by his family and friends from South Jersey as a brave man who would have never submitted to the will of the hijackers, and I am sure he did everything possible to protect the passengers and the plane and to thwart the hijackers. I extend my deepest sympathies to his family, to his wife and to their two young daughters.  There are, sadly, too many other names of victims that will come out in the days to come and will touch people in every corner of the Nation. I know that Congress joins with me today to mourn their loss and to send our condolences to their families.  Even under these horrible circumstances, heroes arose. I want to commend the emergency personnel from New York and Washington D.C., who immediately mobilized to lend aid and assistance to the people of New York City and to those working in the Pentagon. I would also like to praise the local residents of southern New Jersey who, after hearing of the attacks, left their homes and workplaces and joined the emergency service personnel who traveled north to assist those in New York who needed the help.  Finally, I would like to recognize the stalwart efforts of the Coast Guard personnel who have deployed up and down the East Coast to provide security for our bridges, tunnels, and ports and to render assistance in the finest tradition of the Coast Guard service.  Mr. Speaker, terrorism has attacked America and declared war on our nation. We must now act to punish both the terrorists who planned and carried out these dastardly acts, as well as those organizations and states who harbor and encourage this. I urge all of my colleagues to strongly support this resolution.  