Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding time to me.  Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Committee on Veterans Affairs, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 1696, a bill to expedite the construction of the World War II memorial on the Washington Mall between the Washington Monument and the Lincoln Memorial. This artist's rendition to my left shows the dignity and grace that this memorial will provide and in true memory of those men and women who served so ably and so courageously on behalf of our country.  Mr. Speaker, as we know, the design and site for the memorial have been carefully studied. My good friend just a moment ago spoke to the number of hearings. This has been an exhaustive process. It has been approved over a period of some 6 years, a longer time than it took to win World War II.  The Allied victory in this greatest war in world history represented the triumph of the human spirit and began the march of freedom and democracy across the world that continues even today.  More than half a century has passed, Mr. Speaker, but America's World War II veterans still have no national memorial to honor them. They have been called the greatest generation; and even recently, popular movies like Saving Private Ryan and the Thin Red Line have served to remind us of their incredible bravery and sacrifices. Yet, they have no memorial, and their generation is passing away at the rate of over 1,100 people per day. How much longer can they wait?  Eight years ago, Congress passed the authorization for the World War II memorial. Today we have a site selected and a design approved through an exhaustive process that ensured careful consideration of all the relevant factors before the decisions were made.  Unfortunately, no process can ensure unanimity. A litigious few are now attempting to block both the site selection and design in the courts on legal technicalities. Oh, yes, they too support a memorial. They just cannot agree on when or where or in what form, and they have no concern about how long that process might take.  Mr. Speaker, despite a full and fair opportunity to have their opinions heard, they argue that the process was not perfect. The truth is, they do not like the result so their strategy is endless reconsideration and delay. They apparently do not care whether World War II veterans live to see their own memorial or not. The irony is that they live in a free society, exercising rights secured by the blood of our World War II veterans and other veterans.  I frankly think this situation we find ourselves in today is unconscionable. I would like to commend my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Stump), now chairman of the Committee on Armed Services, himself a World War II combat veteran, for leading the way on this legislation. There is nobody more able and more qualified in this Chamber to be offering this resolution than my good friend, the gentleman from Arizona. I want to associate myself with his remarks, and note that he is a former chairman, chairman emeritus, of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs.  Mr. Speaker, like many in this Chamber and many who may be viewing these proceedings, I regret that my own father, a combat veteran who saw horrific action in New Guinea during World War II and elsewhere in the Pacific, including the Philippines, never got to see this memorial, having passed away a few years ago. He, like those 1,100 who die every day, will never see this memorial. Again, like I said a moment ago, that is unconscionable.  Mr. Speaker, if we look at the cosponsors, this is a bipartisan effort to try to get this very important memorial moving. I think it shows that there will be and I hope should be broad support across the spectrum for this.  Let me just finally say that delay is denial. Again, 1,100 veterans die every day, 1,100 of the greatest generation. If we delay this another day, it is denial for them to see what this country has said in gratitude. It is a small token, but nevertheless it is an important token. I hope that everyone unanimously supports this important resolution. I salute the gentleman from Arizona.  