Mr. Speaker, we have talked and dedicated ourselves to making sure that we identify and capture the perpetrators, that these atrocities cannot be tolerated in a free society, and that for the sake of not only America but for the rest of the world, we need to be very aggressive and dedicated in the effort that we are about to undertake.  Also, as chairman of the committee that oversees the Federal Fire Administration, I would like to take a moment to speak about the Nation's first responders, the firefighters, the emergency medical personnel, the police who were first to arrive at the scene and certainly the last to leave such a scene in situations as happened at the Pentagon and in New York and also south of Pittsburgh.  As the Nation mourns the deaths of hundreds and probably many thousands of our fellow citizens, as we take stock of the destruction caused by yesterday's terrorist attacks, we should also pause for a moment to reflect on the brave men and women who put their lives on the line every day in every small town and suburb and every big city across the country. We have all been deeply moved by the tragic scenes at the Pentagon, Pennsylvania, and especially New York. But we can be proud that in a time of great peril, the Nation's first responders answered the call, conducting themselves with bravery, with dedication that does credit to themselves, their city, and their country.  It has been reported that over 202 New York firefighters and 57 police officers may have perished at the World Trade Center, a tragic loss. Witnesses said that as they were running down the stairs to escape the burning building, they passed New York firefighters running up those stairs to put out fires and to assist other people stuck on higher floors. Just imagine that for a moment. With fire and smoke all around, with a 110-story building buckling from intense heat, these firefighters ignored their own safety to help people they did not know but who were in great need of help, their help. Under such horrible conditions, who could have blamed them for abandoning the burning building? But instead of turning their backs on people in need, they faced the danger head-on because that is their job. We may never know how many lives they saved, but we do know that many people would not be alive today but for the bravery and sacrifice of these dedicated men and women. Their deaths cannot be in vain. We have an obligation to ensure that they get the support they need, God forbid, should they be called on again to deal with a terrorist attack.  They represent the very best of America, and our Nation owes them and their families a debt of profound gratitude. We in this House and across America mourn for these heroes and we pray for their families.  We cannot bring them back but we can promise their loved-ones this: The terrorists who were responsible for these depraved acts will pay for them. They can run, but then cannot hide. And they will pay.  