Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Nussle), for yielding me this time.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 83 and against the pending substitute. I would like to begin my remarks by thanking the distinguished chairman of the Committee on the Budget, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Nussle), for crafting a responsive and responsible budget in general and for being especially sensitive to the needs and the concerns of our veterans around this country.  The decision of the Committee on the Budget to increase the veterans' affairs budget by 12 percent, that is $5.6 billion over last year, including $1 billion more than even the Bush administration suggested, is a breakthrough and a very, very important plus-up for all of our veterans.  I have said all along that the Bush budget was a work in progress and that we would do more, and today our budget chairman has done so. This 12 percent increase in funding will be a serious and a very tangible expression of solidarity and support for veterans and is especially justified in light of the sacrifices that our veterans have made.  Let me just say to my friends and colleagues, that record increases in spending for medical care will compensate, one, for inflation, as well as for significant increases in spending on mental health care, long-term care, additional staff for reducing waiting times, higher pharmacy costs, spinal cord injury care, homeless veterans, transitional housing, and the list goes on and on.  Yesterday this House passed two very important pieces of legislation that I was the sponsor of--H.R. 801 passed 417 to 0 and then H.R. 811 passed overwhelmingly as well. Both of those bills are fully accommodated by this budget.  As a matter of fact, the second bill, H.R. 811, would provide $550 million for emergency repair of our hospitals. We saw what happened with the recent earthquake, the seismic damage that was done to the American League Hospital. There are many hospitals that have, unfortunately through neglect they are in grave need of upgrading and repair. This legislation would do that.  Tomorrow I will be introducing the new GI Bill of Rights, the Education GI Bill of Rights.  Mr. Chairman, I ask Members to vote in favor of H. Con. Res. 83.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of H. Con. Res. 83--and against the pending substitute.  I want to begin my remarks by thanking Chairman Nussle for crafting a responsible budget in general--and for being especially sensitive to the needs and concerns of veterans in particular. The decision of the Budget Committee to increase funding by 12 percent for the Department of Veterans Affairs--up $5.6 billion over last year--including $1 billion more than the Bush administration's budget proposal--is a breakthrough increase for veterans.  I have said all along that the Bush budget was a work in progress--and that we would do more. This 12-percent increase in funding in the underlying resolution is a serious and tangible expression of solidarity and support for veterans and is especially justified in light of the personal sacrifices made by the men and women who have protected our Nation, in peace and war, and whose lives have forever been changed by their experiences. This victory is a victory for all veterans, especially those who continue to suffer from the disabling effects of war wounds or from lingering mental illnesses connected to their service. They answered the call and now we must do the same.  Mr. Chairman, record increases in spending for medical care will compensate for inflation, as well as allow for significant increases in spending on mental health care, long-term care, additional staff to reduce waiting times, higher pharmacy costs, spinal cord injury care, homeless veterans transitional housing and emergency care. Additional funds will also be provided for research and construction, state nursing home and cemetery grants, the Veterans Benefits Administration and National Cemetery Administration.  For the first time in my memory, the Budget Resolution includes additional funds to cover mandatory increases which will be needed to fund H.R. 801, the Veterans Opportunities Act of 2001, and a bill I will introduce later this week to increase benefits available to veterans using the Montgomery GI bill. By providing funds in this year's budget to immediately implement H.R. 801, the Congress will be able to provide overdue increases to cover the rising costs of many urgently needed veterans' services, such as adaptive automobile and housing grants for severely disabled veterans.  H.R. 801, which passed the House yesterday by an overwhelming vote of 417-0 will also expand the Servicemembers Group Life Insurance program to include spouses and children, and make the increase in the maximum benefit from $200,000 to $250,000 retroactive to October 1, 2000, in order to provide a higher benefit to those men and women who have recently lost their lives in tragic military accidents.  The bill also increases funds for specially adopted housing grants as well as other important projects.  Under our proposal to update the Montgomery GI bill, the monthly benefit will be increased to a level that allows a qualified recipient to cover their monthly costs of attending a State college as a commuter. It would increase the monthly benefit available to a full-time student over a 3-year period beginning October 1, 2001 from $650 to $1,100 per month.  Last night, the House also approved the Veterans Hospitals Emergency Repair Act, H.R. 811, a bill that I introduced to provide immediate emergency funding to repair and rebuild dilapidated VA medical care facilities. The increase in funds for veterans contained in this resolution is based in part on the need for funds authorized in H.R. 811. This legislation authorizes $550 million over the next 2 years for the Department of Veterans Affairs to immediately address urgent construction needs, specifically in facilities identified as having patient safety hazards, requiring seismic protection, or to improve privacy or accommodations for disabled veterans.  In closing, let me again thank the Committee and advise all of my colleagues that the level for veterans authorized in this resolution is both fair and defensible. Although there are certainly advocates who are calling for even higher levels of funding, I tell my colleagues that this is a good budget and one we should take pride in.  