Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. McHugh) for his courtesy and for his excellent service on the committee and in the Congress, and I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Davis) for offering this important resolution.  It is extremely important that we recognize the tremendous service of our postal employees, especially in this time of national emergency. Equally important, as the second clause, and resolving clause, points out, we will work with the U.S. Postal Service to assure the safety and well-being of postal workers as they carry out their duties and responsibilities to the general public.  Certainly the challenge we face now is to ensure that every piece of mail that goes through the system, is guaranteed to be pristine and clean. This will take a considerable purchase, procurement of the kind of detectors that exist, they are off the shelf. We need to be willing to make that kind of payment to ensure that every letter carrier, every postal worker and everyone who works within the system and everyone who gets mail is not going to become contaminated.  We certainly know firsthand what that is all about in Mercer County, in central New Jersey, Hamilton and Trenton. In Hamilton, the John K. Rafferty postal facility on Route 130 was shut down and continues to be shut down. There have been seven people affected by anthrax in my state. One was not a postal worker, but she worked in the building complex where my district office is located. Thankfully, they have all made great recoveries because of the marvels of antibiotics and Cipro in particular.  Again, I think by recognizing that they are on the front line, we need to put postal workers on a pedestal and thank them from the bottom of our hearts for their courage and their commitment to public service during these very trying times.  I would point out that Vito Cetta, who is the postmaster in charge of the central Jersey area, and Joe Sautello have done marvelous jobs. Yes, there has been second guessing from time to time. When do you close? When do you keep a facility open? When do you test? We were pushing very hard that all of the 44 different feeder sites of the main facility be tested. Lo and behold, when they did the testing, four of those sites suffered from cross-contamination, which we will all recall CDC and others said at the onset cannot happen. Well, it did, and there were areas and perhaps even people who were contaminated.  Let me also thank Tony DiStephano, who heads up the letter carriers union. I met with Tony many times during this crisis, obviously many times before. He and the letter carriers have been tenacious. They want to deliver the mail, they want to do their jobs, but they want to do it in a way that mitigates and hopefully eliminates the possibility of contamination.  Bill Lewis from the APWU has also done a great job under very, very trying circumstances. But they want to do their jobs. They want to be on the job because they know the mail moves the country. Our economy is absolutely dependent upon the work they do.  Finally, I want to say I have a bill pending before the Committee on Financial Services that I hope will move quickly. Many people have not received their bills, and often when they sent in their checks, their remittances, they were held up getting to their Visa, credit card or mortgage company. This bill would establish a grace period of 30 days. Our hope is that this might be done voluntarily, but there are going to be big gaps. So hopefully this legislation will move very quickly so that we can ensure that people's credit histories are not penalized and that the finance charges are not levied against them.  We have learned a lot from this. Again, I want to conclude by saying that Postmaster General Potter has been vigilant. He deserves high praise as well. He has convened his own group to meet, to figure out what the protocols ought to be when opening and closing postal facilities. They are literally writing the book as they go, day in and day out. I want to commend him for the job he is doing.  Madam Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding me time.  