Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise in strong support of H.R. 2541, a bill to enhance the authorities of the Diplomatic Security Service agents at the U.S. Department of State.  The measure before us includes an amendment that was recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary. The bill was drafted in consultation with the State Department. I want to thank and congratulate the author of the bill, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde), the chairman of the Committee on International Relations, and the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos), the ranking democrat and member of the committee, who was a principal cosponsor of the legislation.  The provisions clarify and expand the circumstances in which subpoena and arrest authority is available for State Department diplomatic security officers who often find themselves on the front line of defense against terrorism and other threats to our national security.  Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2541 authorizes diplomatic security special agents to obtain and execute search warrants, subpoenas or summonses as those relate to their protective duties and to passport and visa fraud investigations. It also permits agents, in the course of conducting their investigative or protective duties, to make arrests without warrant for offenses committed in their presence or in certain other compelling circumstances, just as other Federal law enforcement officers are now empowered to do.  The bill also allows diplomatic security agents to make misdemeanor arrests of persons obstructing or impeding agents in the performance of their protective functions.  Finally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2541 fixes a disconnect in current law in which the Secretary of State may authorize protection of distinguished visitors, but where it does not make it a Federal crime to attack such visitors. Current law only criminalizes attacks on distinguished visitors protected by the Diplomatic Security Services when they are ``official'' visitors.  There are occasions in which such protective services may appropriately be authorized for visitors who are technically official, such as, for instance, the Dalai Lama or Salman Rushdie. So this legislation ensures that diplomatic security officers will be empowered to arrest people who assault anyone who is lawfully under their protection.  Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this bill.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  