Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. The gentleman from Florida proposes to reduce research funding for the National Science Foundation (NSF) by $92 million and funding for the Department of Veteran Administration's (VA) General Operating Expenses account by $25 million.  For fiscal year 2002, this appropriations bill adds $4.3 billion to VA's fiscal year 2001 budget of $47 billion, and increase of over 9.2 percent. That $4.3 billion increase is nearly equal to NSF's entire budget. To this increase, the gentleman wishes to add $25 million by taking $92 million from NSF's significantly smaller appropriation.  Each year when the VA/HUD bill comes to the floor, amendments are offered that would strip NSF of funding to pay for other programs--some worthy, others not. I believe that this practice is shortsighted. This House has continually recognized the important role NSF and basic research have played in our Nation's economic and technological development.  NSF is the government's premier science agency. It supports cutting-edge research to answer fundamental questions within andacross scientific disciplines. This research has helped fuel new industries and jobs that have propelled economic prosperity and changed the way we live.  Maintaining the Nation's leadership in science will require keeping open the pipeline of new ideas and innovations that flow from fundamental research. NSF is the Federal Government's only agency dedicated to the support of education and fundamental research in all scientific disciplines, from physics and math to anthropology and zoology. Today's NSF-led research in nanotechnology, advanced materials, biotechnology, and information technology are laying the groundwork for the technologies of the future, and in the process training the scientists, engineers, and technology entrepreneurs of tomorrow.  While I agree with the Gentleman on the need to reduce the backlog of VA benefits claims, I do not think that cutting the funding of the Nation's premier science agency is the way to do this. Therefore, I oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to oppose it as well.  