Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, State and the Judiciary, for his very, very strong statement. We both got elected back in 1981; and we have worked together on human rights issues all around the world, including in Vietnam. It was the gentleman's idea years ago to go to a gulag called Perm Camp 35, 1,000 miles outside of Moscow in the Ural Mountains. There we met with political prisoners who had been abused, who had been tortured, and that meeting and the subsequent representation that he and I and others made--but he led the way on that--helped to secure the freedom of those individuals.  We did the same thing in China and in other places in Asia. He has been all over Africa. When he speaks--and he and the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) speak with enormous amounts of credibility--on humanitarianism and respect for human rights and respect for life, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf), I think, takes a second to no one.  I do hope Members are listening--and K Street and some of the lobbyists, and the government of Vietnam itself, which through its embassy has admonished this Congress not to support this legislation. Why? I went to their Web site, Madam Speaker, just the other day and looked and they had a statement about how religious freedom is respected, it is constitutionally protected. Then what do they have to worry about? This simply says there has to be ``substantial progress'' in that area; we are not even saying achievement. We are saying progress; move in the right direction. I would hope that Members would find it in their hearts to vote for this and say, we are going to give away the store and have free trade with the hope and expectation that will lead to a liberalization of human rights. I do believe that is naive, but if this is our belief, I do not know how we cannot support this legislation. This is waivable. It provides the President, who we hope will make an honest determination, to decide whether a waiver is in the best interests of the tenets that are contained within this legislation.  Madam Speaker, we want to see real progress. We are tired of words. We want deeds by the government of Vietnam. They are repressing people. They are beating people. They are killing people. That is not hyperbole, that is the truth on the ground. There are religious believers such as the Unified Buddhist Church, as we mentioned earlier, and others have mentioned it, who have suffered immeasurably simply because of their faith. Again, the gentleman from Virginia was the prime sponsor of the International Religious Freedom Act, legislation that the previous administration did not want and then signed. I hope this administration does not follow that course as well. Embrace human rights. Be real, transparent, up front.  Again, I want to thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) for his very, very strong advocacy. He is a champion and someone for whom I have a tremendous amount of respect. I hope my colleagues hear these words and will support this legislation.  