Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, I rise in strong support of this legislation, H.R. 811, as amended, the Veterans Hospital Emergency Repair Act.  This bill would authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out urgently needed medical facility construction projects over the next 2 fiscal years, and would authorize appropriations of $250 million in fiscal year 2002 and $300 million in fiscal year 2003 for those projects.  I will briefly discuss the bill, and then would ask our distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Moran), to provide a more detailed expansion explanation. He has done a great deal of work on this bill.  On March 1, 2001, Mr. Speaker, I introduced the Veterans Hospital Emergency Repair Act with our ranking member, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans), and a number of our colleagues, including the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Moran).  We are concerned, Mr. Speaker, that the flow of appropriated funds for VA construction programs, at one time in the hundreds of millions of dollars every year, in recent years slowed to barely a trickle, and then bottomed out last year.  No funding was provided through the appropriations process for VA major construction in fiscal year 2001. However, as construction funding for veterans' hospitals and other medical facilities dried up, they continued to age. Hundreds of VA medical buildings are over 50 years old and have become run-down, substandard and, in some cases, unsafe.  Part of the reason funding has not been appropriated for construction projects has been the VA's Capital Assets Realignment for Enhanced Services, or CARES, initiative. CARES is expected to provide comprehensive planning for VA facilities across the country.  While the VA committee supports CARES, it is a phased process that could take 3 to 5 years to produce just the plans for some VA medical centers. Then it would take more time for projects to go forward through the authorization and the construction process.  Among these identified construction needs are some 67 VA buildings currently used by patients and staff that could be damaged or collapse in the event of an earthquake, including three that suffered damage several weeks ago at the American Lake Medical Center in the State of Washington.  Mr. Speaker, I think my colleagues know the urgency we are talking about. Hopefully it is self-evident to all of us. Our Nation's veterans simply cannot wait any longer, the CARES process notwithstanding. They need our health care today, as well as tomorrow. As a country we have obligations to these men and women who have served in the military uniform and have done so with honor, and deferring these obligations is the same thing as not keeping those obligations.  Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the committee, I am going to do my best to see that our veterans have high-quality health care in modern, well-maintained, and safe buildings. All of our committee members are together on this.  H.R. 811, as amended, is an important step that would provide a temporary authority to the Secretary to set aside for 2 years existing authorization requirements. It would allow the Secretary some discretion to approve repair projects based on recommendations of the VA Capital Investments Board.  This legislation, frankly, would depart from current authorization practice by effectively eliminating congressional influence in deciding how this money should be spent. We call it an emergency because it is.  I know the media likes to sometimes focus on pork in bills we consider. We hope that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs will make the most meritorious choices, those facilities that need repairs the most. Again, that is why we call it an emergency repair act.  The major veterans' organizations, Mr. Speaker, testified in support of this bill at the Committee on Veterans' Affairs' legislative hearing on March 13 of this year. The administration supports the bill, so long as it aligns with the President's overall budget.  I am very pleased, Mr. Speaker, and encouraged that the proposed budget resolution that we begin debating later on today fully accommodates the amount of money that we anticipate will be required to do this work.  Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank again, as I did on the previous bill, my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Evans) and his staff, and our staff, as well, for working in a bipartisan way in ensuring that this legislation meets the needs of our crumbling infrastructure.  Finally, just let me say, there have been studies done as to what we actually have in the inventory of the VA; the Pricewaterhouse study, for example, done a couple of years ago. They estimated that we have about $35 billion worth of assets, and in order to keep those assets up and running and in fine shape, it would require about $700 million to $1.4 billion a year. We have been nowhere near that amount. Hence, we have a crumbling infrastructure crying out for repair, crying outfor the money, the down payment for which is contained in this legislation.  This is a modest bill, even though it is over half a billion dollars, a modest bill vis-a-vis the need, the unmet need, for repairing the physical infrastructure of the VA. If we want to care for veterans, if we want world-class health care for our veterans, we need the physical plant to accommodate that. This legislation takes us forward in that process.  Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  