Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, even in the midst of war or violent conflict, the need for some limits must be underlined. Those limits are of crucial importance in that they remind us of our essential humanity. When humanitarian standards are ignored, we need to call them to the attention of those who seem to be violating them. In the case of the individuals mentioned in the resolution now before us, who are Israeli soldiers and civilians, the rules are, in fact, being ignored. This resolution relates to several Israeli soldiers and one civilian who have been kidnapped from Israel itself or in Europe. Their captors have admitted holding them and they have said that they are alive, but that is all that is known about them.  In defiance of international norms, their captors are not permitting the International Committee of the Red Cross to have access to them. Of course, the captives should be treated humanely. Of course, they should be released, but they should certainly, at the very least, be provided with protections of international humanitarian law. The International Committee of the Red Cross should be provided with access to them so that their welfare can be ascertained and other appropriate protections be afforded to them. It is cynical and cruel for Hezbollah to deny the ICRC access to them. The real harm is being done to their families who wait for word of their welfare.  Madam Speaker, let me just say that the governments of Lebanon, Syria, and Iran either fund Hezbollah or allow it to operate on their territory. This resolution asks those governments to use their influence to ask Hezbollah to do the right thing. It is not too much to ask. I request that my colleagues join me in supporting this resolution.  Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman of the full committee, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde); the ranking member of the full committee, the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos); and the chairman of the Subcommittee on the Middle East and South Asia, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Gilman); and the ranking Democrat of the Subcommittee on the Middle East and South Asia, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Ackerman) for moving this bill through their committees.  I also want to thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. Crowley) for sponsoring it. It is a good resolution and it deserves the support of this body.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  