Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership on this issue.  Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to send our condolences to the survivors of those who died. Let me say briefly, Mr. Speaker, 10-year-old Zhang Yanhong was a good student; and she always listened to her teachers. As a result, on March 6 of this year she and 36 other of her third and fourth grade classmates all lost their lives.  For years, the parents of the children in the Fanglin elementary school which is in the small village 480 miles southwest of Shanghai, had complained that their children were being forced by school officials to manufacture large firecrackers at school. Every day, the young children were required to spend hours mounting fuses and detonators into the firecrackers that were then sold by local Communist party officials. The underpaid teachers and government officials running the child labor scheme also set a sliding production quota in order to maximize their profits. It started at 1,000 firecrackers per day for the youngest children and reached 10,000 firecrackers per day for the fifth graders.  Mr. Speaker, something terrible was bound to happen and soon it did. On a Tuesday afternoon, the firecrackers exploded in the elementary school and took the lives of 42 people including 37 young children.  Chinese Prime Minister Zhu immediately denied that there had been any forced labor involved in Fanglin. Instead, Communist party officials invented a story about a mad man who entered the school and set off the explosion as part of his suicide attempt.  According to news accounts, Communist Party officials blocked off roads into the village to prevent journalists from seeing the scene of the accident for themselves and interviewing residents. Residents who let journalists through the roadblocks anyway were reportedly arrested, and some families had their telephones disconnected to prevent contact with the outside world.  However, thanks to the brave and determined reporting of both Chinese and international journalists, and to the parents of the children, many of whom refused to go along with the official cover-up of the deaths of their loved ones, Prime Minister Zhu was forced to eventually acknowledge what really happened and apologize in a nationally broadcast message.  The forced labor and child labor condoned by the government of the People's Republic of China violates several conventions of the International Labor Organization; but, unfortunately, the ILO has no enforcement powers. For now all we can do is express our deep condolences to the parents and thank the journalists who risked their lives and their freedom to report the story.  