Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen), my good friend, for yielding the time to me.  Madam Speaker, I want to congratulate the gentleman from California (Mr. Lantos) on his sponsorship of this very important resolution.  I am very proud to be one of the cosponsors, and I want to thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Ros-Lehtinen) the distinguished and effective chair of the International Operations and Human Rights Committee for her work and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Hyde) the Chairman of the Full Committee for moving this legislation to the floor.  I would just say to the previous speaker, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. McDermott), that this resolution simply tells the truth, and it seems to me that truth-telling should always be in season; but there is also the timeliness issue. The U.N. Human Rights Commission is currently meeting in Geneva, and Members should be aware that decisions are being made by various delegations and by various diplomats right now.  A postponement of this resolution could mean the loss of a vote or two from delegates who might think that we are ducking the issue or having second thoughts that perhaps we are not as serious as we have said we are. Of course nothing could be further from the truth. We are indeed very, very serious.  Time is not on our side. There is only a few weeks left for deliberations by the U.N. Commission on human rights.  Madam Speaker, I have been there. I lobbied delegations on behalf of human rights in the past. We need to send this message right now that we are very serious about human rights in China. No if, ands or buts, about it!  Madam Speaker, just let me say that the new tension created by the holding of 24 American servicemen by the People's Republic of China--a crisis situation that all of us want to see resolved immediately--only underscores anew how the policies of the Beijing dictatorship are harsh and unreasonable and how those policies have continued to worsen and to deteriorate with each and every passing year.  Sadly, universally recognized norms and international laws have no meaningful application to the dictatorship. The dictatorship in Beijing mocks the rule of law.  Madam Speaker, any honest assessment of China's record on human rights makes it abundantly clear that the leaders who rule China with an iron fist have no respect whatsoever for human life, especially the lives of their own citizens, especially the lives of women and children.  Madam Speaker, forced abortion is an unspeakable cruelty to women and babies, and was properly construed to be a crime against humanity at the Nuremberg War Crimes tribunals when the Nazis were held to account. Today, the crime of forced abortion in China is pervasive, it is systematic, and it is common place.  Forced abortion in China is state-sponsored violence against women and children. As I think many Members know, as a means of enforcing what they call their one-child-per-couple policy, first announced back in 1979, the Chinese Government routinely coerces mothers in China, to have abortions often late in pregnancy or to undergo forced sterilization or mandatory birth control.  Over the past decade, Madam Speaker, I have led three human rights trips to China. I have met with Li Peng. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wolf) and I raised human rights issues; face to face he just dismissed it out of hand as if it was all exaggerated and fabricated. There was no engagement--constructive or otherwise.  I have chaired over 18 hearings and markups on legislation pertaining to Chinese human rights abuses; and in the 1980s and the 1990s, I and many others in this Chamber have repeatedly spoken out against forced abortion and forced sterilization in China as well as other egregious abuses.  To my shock and to my dismay, many family planning organizations like Planned Parenthood have decided to either look the other way, as millions of Chinese women are cruelly forced to undergo abortion, or in the case of the U.N. Population Fund to aggressively defend it, to whitewash these abuses as ``nonexistent'' or as the ``exception'', rather than the rule.  Madam Speaker, at one of my hearings we heard from a woman by the name of Mrs. Gao. Mrs. Gao ran one of the family planning programs in Fukien Province. She made the point that during the course the decade that she ran the program, they literally would take women and put them or their relatives behind bars until they acceded to the so-called ``voluntary'' abortion.  She finally summed up her testimony by saying, by day, I was a monster; by night, a wife and mother.  It seems to me, Madam Speaker, that the Chinese Population Control Program is a ``monster''--a monstrous abuse of women; and the indifference of both the East and the West makes us, however unwittingly, complicit in these crimes.  Madam Speaker, just let me say that I encourage Members to read the country reports on human rights practices, all 59 pages dedicated to what is going on in the People's Republic of China. That report is very accurate; and it makes the point in the declarative sentence near the beginning and I quote,       The government's poor human rights record worsened, and it      continued to commit numerous serious abuses. The government      intensified crackdowns on religion and in Tibet, intensified      its harsh treatment of political dissent and suppressed any      person or group perceived to be a threat to the government.  The State Department report goes on to say that by the end of the year 2000, and I quote,       Thousands of unregistered religious institutions have      either been closed or destroyed, and hundreds of Falun Gong      leaders have been imprisoned, thousands have been sent to the      lao gai, or mental institutions.  The report notes, and I think Members need to take note of this, that more than 100 Falun Gong practitioners were tortured to death in Chinese prisons. Death by torture is often a long, exceedingly painful ordeal. It does not happen overnight. After daily beatings and deprivations of food and sleep, finally the victum succumbs to death as a result of those beatings and abuse.  Madam Speaker, the United Nations has documented and numerous human rights groups like Human Rights Watch and Amnesty and, of course, our own Country Reports on Human Rights Practices that torture is endemic in China. If you are arrested as a political prisoner, a religious dissenter or even a common criminal, they beat you black and blue, sometimes to death. That is the reality of what is going on in the People's Republic of China.  Let me just finally say something about truth-telling. Some years back, President Clinton invited Chu Haotien to the United States--the Butcher of Beijing, the man who literally ordered the crackdown on the students at Tiananmen Square, and said, go and bayonet and kill and maim and hunt down those individuals.  After he was invited here, he was at the U.S. War College and gave a speech and made the outrageous claim--a big lie--that no one died at Tiananmen Square.  My staff and I quickly put together a hearing and invited eyewitnesses to that massacre; and we invited Chu Haotien to come and testify, or anyone else from the Chinese Government, including Ambassador Li. We had an empty chair because nobody showed up.  We heard from an editor from the People's Daily in China, who accurately reported on the killing--and paid a big price--and we heard from a Time Magazine correspondent and a host of others, others who gave witness to the big lie uttered by General Chu.  I see I'm out of time--I have so much more to say. Suffice to say, this resolution puts us on record in favor of the oppressed, and the persecuted, and encourages the Bush administration to continue its work on behalf of human rights.  