Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time.  First of all, I want to thank, as did the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Tauzin) a few moments ago, our very distinguished colleague from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey) for his kindness in sponsoring this legislation. I think it shows a real sensitivity for Maureen Reagan who was a very courageous woman, wife and mother, and a tireless advocate, a champion, for research and medical assistance for Alzheimer's patients and, equally important, for their caregivers.  As we all know, one of those victims includes her own father, President Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan was a fighter since his early days growing up during the Great Depression, but he turned his disclosure that he suffered from Alzheimer's Disease into a battle for more research money and more assistance for his fellow patients. When Ronald Reagan was unable to continue this fight because of his own deteriorating condition, his daughter, Maureen Reagan, stepped up to the plate and became one of the most tenacious advocates for Alzheimer's research and for trying to find a cure for this horrific disease. Her untimely death to cancer this past summer caused the Alzheimer's community to lose one of its best.  Significantly, even while battling cancer during 5 tough years, Maureen never rested in her quest to try to procure more research money and to help more patients and their loved ones with this terrible disease. Not long before she died, as the gentleman from Massachusetts pointed out earlier, she called on Congress to double to $1 billion the amount of money allocated for Alzheimer's research by the National Institutes of Health.  As was also pointed out, this disease afflicts so many of our families. Half of those over age 85 suffer to some degree from Alzheimer's, and 1 of every 10 Americans over the age of 65 also is in some stage of Alzheimer's disease. The current number of affected--4 million--will grow to 14 million people if we do not take prompt action and do all that is humanly possible to mitigate and hopefully eradicate this terrible disease.  Maureen Reagan was a great champion. She will be sorely missed in this battle. And we want to just, and I know this will be a unanimous vote on both sides of the aisle, say to her loved ones, to her husband and to her daughter and to the entire family, how much we deeply care for them and how we miss Maureen Reagan.  