Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the HUD/VA Appropriation bill. I want to commend the chairman of the subcommittee Mr. Walsh and ranking democrat Alan Molhan on the funding levels provided for veterans programs by the bill.  This bill provides a 16 percent increase in funds for the Veterans Benefits Administration. VA Secretary Principi proposes to use these funds to hire and train 900 additional employees to address the increased workload in the disability and education claims areas. The increased workload is a result of an increased number of claims and legislative changes to the adjudication process. Addressing this backlog is an urgent task which the Secretary has attempted to confront in a very forthright and open manner.  But, frankly, I am deeply concerned and dismayed about the blatantly unfair criticism that blames him and the Bush administration for a situation that clearly was the result of policies and practices in place before he became VA Secretary. I share his concern about partisan attacks that hold him accountable because this backlog has not yet been resolved. I say to those who would make such criticisms that they cannot absolve themselves of some of the responsibility. Congress passed the Veterans Claims Assistance Act last year and that Act alone required the VA to review over 50,000 disability decisions to assure compliance with that act. In addition, the two previous VA Secretaries had substantial opportunities to make the claims process more timely and responsive to veterans, yet Secretary Principi faced a backlog of over 500,000 disability claims and 130,000 education claims when he took office. Sec. Principle is a good and honorable man who cares deeply about veterans. He is responsive and an outstanding leader. The criticism of him is unjustified, unfair and unwarranted.  As I noted, Mr. Chairman, this bill provides a 16 percent increase for the Veterans Benefits Administration. I cannot think of too many Departments that have seen a 16 percent increase in 1 year. I believe that this is probably as much money as could be productively used in fiscal year 2002. This budget is a very good one, but we should not assume that simply by increasing the budget these backlogs will disappear overnight. The VA is already hiring employees using funds they expect to receive in the supplemental appropriation bill. But it takes several years for an employee to obtain the requisite skills necessary to correctly decide a veteran's disability claim. While I expect we will see progress, there is no magic wand that will solve these matters overnight.  Mr. Chairman, on the health care side, the bill reported by the Committee on Appropriations, and again I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for their faithfulness to our veterans. This legislation provide a $300 million increase in funds to funding bill H.R. 811, which we passed earlier this year for medical facility rehabilitation projects. I want my colleagues to understand that even though we have not gotten Senate agreement yet on the Veterans Hospital Emergency Repair Act, H.R. 811, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Walsh) and the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. Mollohan) are willing to fund this new authorization. I think they break some very important ground by their willingness to do this.  As the chief sponsor of H.R. 811, I can say that it is readily apparent that even though the VA may need to tear down or declare excess some of its aging facilities that are vacant and not needed to serve veterans in the future, there is an urgent need to renovate medical facilities throughout the country that will be serving veterans for the foreseeable future. Unfortunately, the proposed budget for VA facility repair and renovation has not come close to meeting the documented needs of a system with an estimated value of some $35 billion.  An independent study by Price Waterhouse suggested that with a system as valuable as this one, an annual investment of about $700 million to $1.4 billion would be ideal. Unfortunately, VA budget proposals in the past few years contained far less than this for capital renovation projects. The changes in medical practice and technology demand that facilities be modernized on a regular basis; and frankly we have ignored that need in VA health care facilities in the last few budgets.  That is why all Members should be aware of the provision in the bill pledging $300 million in capital construction funds to keep VA facilities and the care they deliver up to date. This is the problem we were attempting to address in H.R. 811 when we passed it earlier this year, and this appropriations language likewise addresses it as well. Again, I want to commend the gentleman from New York and all members of the committee for supporting this funding.  The reported bill also includes substantial increases in the budgets for state home construction grants, medical and prosthetic research, and the national cemetery system. Coupled with a projected increase in receipts from insurers, an increase of $1.2 billion over the 2001 level would be provided for medical care. As the Chairman of the Subcommittee is aware, the VA carried forward $1.3 billion from last year into the current fiscal year. In addition, health care receipts are about 25 percent higher this year than last year, so that a total of $800 million in additional funds of medical care attributable to these receipts is a realistic possibility.  Mr. Chairman, I believe it is also fair to mention the issue of VA managers diverting medical care funds in a manner that reached new heights late last year. Of the $20 billion in medical care funds provided for the current fiscal year, $6.2 billion was appropriated for three items. Those three items are pharmacy (drugs), Hepatitis C care, and long-term care. As we learned earlier this year from newly-confirmed VA Secretary Tony Principi, VA doesn't need all of this $6.2 billion, and plans to spend $750 million of it on other health care needs.  Given the VA's ability to reprogram sums as a large as this without any explanation or authorization, it seems to me we need to take a much closer look at how VA is spending its money and what it is currently requesting. One of the themes I've stressed since becoming Chairman is to hold VA officials accountable for the decisions they make and how they spend taxpayer dollars. Thus, I think a one billion dollar increase is defensible and generous if we're going to have officials requesting funds for one purpose and then spending it one something else altogether. In addition, I believe we will finally see the long-awaited improvement in medical collections of around $200 million in the current fiscal year, and that increase should carry over into fiscal year 2002.  All in all, I believe this is a very good bill for veterans, one that provides substantial increases where the funds will do the most good. Given the demands by millions of veterans for a high-quality affordable health care benefit, it is nearly impossible to say that higher appropriations for medical care are unnecessary. But they is a very good bill, and it keeps our pledge to maintain the quality for those veterans now enrolled with VA for their health care. Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to vote for this bill.  