Mr. Chairman, the United Nations Economic and Social Council, ECOSOC, took an action again that raises grave doubts about what kind of organization it is.  During the last 6 days, editorial writers all across this country been working overtime to try and explain away the outrageous vote to deprive the U.S. of its seat on the UN Human Rights Commission. As always, they are saying that it was the Kyoto treatment or the criminal court or somehow if we just paid our arrearages a little faster the problem would be solved. These are bogus, false pretenses, Mr. Chairman.  The real reason why we have been thrown off the U.N. Human Rights Commission is because they want to silence what is clearly the strongest voice on the Commission in favor of human rights. The U.S. has insisted that the Commission tell the honest and unvarnished truth about human rights violations the world over. Some of the other nations on the commission, such as China, Cuba, Vietnam, Malaysia, Libya, Algeria, Saudi Arabia, and now Sudan, have problems with the truth--especially at it pertains to human rights.  Mr. Chairman, instead of excluding countries from the U.N. Human Rights Commission because they are too strong on human rights, the U.N. should be concerned about excluding governments that routinely engage in torture, extrajudicial killings, rape as an instrument of terror, forced abortions, sterilization, and other kinds of discriminations.  I urge a yes vote on the amendment.  Mr. Chairman, last year the Congress voted to resolve the dispute over so-called ``United Nations arrearages''. The agreement was simple: we would pay almost all of the disputed amount, provided the United Nations would agree to treat the United States more fairly when it came to dues, peacekeeping assessments, and other issues--and provided the UN would also take concrete steps to put its own house in order.  Then the UN's Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) took an action that again raises grave doubts about what kind of an organization it is. During the last six days, Mr. Chairman, editorial writers have been working overtime trying to explain away the outrageous vote to deprive the United States of the seat it has held since 1947 on the U.N. Human Rights Commission. As always, the central theme of these editorials is to blame America first. If only we had ratified the Kyoto Convention, or the CEDAW agreement, or the International Criminal Court. Or if only we had paid those disputed arrearages a little quicker. If only we had not been so ``unilateral'' which is the most bogus of all. Then perhaps we would have stayed in the good graces of ECOSOC and kept our seat on the Human Rights Commission.  Mr. Chairman, the editorial writers are even more wrong this time than they usually are. The vote to exclude the United States from the Commission was primarily a vote to silence the strongest voice on the Commission in favor of human rights. The United States has insisted that the commission tell the honest and unvarnished truth about human rights violations the world over. And some of the other nations on the Commission, such as China, Cuba, Viet Nam, Malaysia, Libya, Algeria, Saudi Arabia, and now Sudan, have problems with the truth.  Mr. Chairman, not only did this year's Human Rights Commission members vote for a ``no-action motion'' that prevented the Commission from even debating the human rights record of the People's Republic of China. It also voted for a resolution on Sudan that did not even mention the word ``slavery,'' and for a resolution on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict that did not mention human rights violations committed by the Palestinian Authority. I was there in Geneva with Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Lincoln Diaz-Balart--we are resented for sadly raising true issues.  Mr. Chairman, instead of excluding countries from the Human Rights Commission because they are too strong on human rights, the U.N. should be concerned about excluding governments that routinely engage in torture, extrajudicial killing, rape as an instrument of terror, forced abortion, forced sterilization, and other forms of persecution on account of race, religion, or political opinion. If being in arrears can result in the loss of a vote in the General Assembly--which is the rule--surely barbaric behavior should disqualify a nation from the U.N. Human Rights Commission. Without these important reforms, the Commission will be in grave danger of becoming, as our colleague Mr. Diaz-Balart has observed, no more than a ``club of tyrannies.''  For these reasons, Mr. Chairman, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the amendment and a ``yes'' vote on the bill.  