Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this resolution.  Mr. Speaker, let us not kid ourselves. The government of Vietnam is not making progress on human rights. On the contrary, in recent months the government has substantially increased the frequency and the severity of its human rights violations and just recently, beginning in late winter, began a new and very cruel crackdown on the Montagnards, torturing, murdering, cordoning off. Mr. Speaker, this is the reality on the ground in Vietnam.  Let me also point out to my colleagues that there is no real religious freedom allowed by the government of Vietnam. The Unified Buddhist Church, the largest religious denomination in the country, has been declared illegal by the government, and over the last 25 years its clergy have often been imprisoned and subjected to other forms of persecution.  The patriarch of the Unified Buddhist Church, 83-year-old Thich Huyen Quang, has been detained for 21 years in a ruined temple, an isolated area in central Vietnam. Most Venerable Thich Quang Do, the executive president of the Unified Buddhist Church, has been in detention for many years and was recently rearrested when he sought medical care for Thich Huyen Quang.  The Hoa Hao Buddhist Church has also been under severe repression. According to the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom, ``this organization is made up of almost entirely,'' that is to say, the governing body of it, ``of members of the Communist party,'' and they have not recognized and have not been recognized by the majority of the Hoa Haos.  Let me just say, recently Father Ly gave testimony to the U.S. Commissionon Religious Freedom. We know what happened when he gave that testimony, and it was written testimony. He did not come here and present it. He, too, was arrested by the government of Vietnam and is being held.  So Catholic priests in Vietnam who speak out against religious persecution, sorry, they are going to be arrested and persecuted. That is the government that we are subsidizing.  Mr. Speaker, we have to take the side of human rights and the oppressed, and not stand with the oppressor. Let us see some real progress before we lavish trade on the government of Vietnam.  