Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. I thank him for his leadership on issues relating to human rights, especially in the Philippines and Afghanistan and so many other places where he has made a difference.  This resolution, House Concurrent Resolution 273, underscores a very important aspect of our relationship to another country, the Philippines. The Philippines and the U.S. have had a long-standing, deep, and very strong relationship; so it was not surprising to me that President Arroyo was first out of the blocks to support the United States in our campaign to defeat al Qaeda. That is what we expect from an ally. We do not always get that from allies, but we got it in a very real way from our good friends in the Philippines.  As Members know, and this was pointed out by the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) a moment ago, this year marks the 50th anniversary of the Philippines-U.S. Mutual Defense Pact, which has helped to preserve and protect the peace after the Philippines went through a horrific ordeal, an ordeal that was endured by many of our own U.S. soldiers, the Bataan Death March, for example, during World War II; and the large numbers of threats that followed: the Communist threat, the corruption threats that followed World War II.  I would note parenthetically, Mr. Speaker, that my father, after fighting very terrible battles in New Guinea and many other battles against the Japanese, was part of the force that liberated the Philippines from the Japanese. He always spoke to my brothers and I of the good people of the Philippines. He always spoke of them in glowing and affectionate terms, a feeling that was shared by so many of our GIs when they spent time there fighting alongside the Filipino scouts, who were tenacious fighters in their own right.  As chairman of the Committee on Veterans' Affairs, we continue to provide significant health and other benefits to the Filipino veterans, and that again underscores the relationship of our Nation with the Philippine nation.  Finally, just let me note that the Philippines have been somewhat unique in protecting and helping refugees themselves. When other nations were in the process of closing what was known as the Comprehensive Plan of Action, the rescue that was provided internationally to the boat people, there were about 2,000 boat people in the Philippines. Other nations were forcibly repatriating these good people.  President Ramos, when he saw what was happening, what did he do? He said, Not our Nation. We are going to maintain a welcome mat to these people, about 2,000 strong. I think that spoke very well of the good-heartedness of those people in the Philippines.  Finally, the Philippine Government and the nation is also a major platform for the Voice of America and the broadcasting that emanates from that. We are hoping very soon that Radio Free Asia will also have a platform there, as well.  This is a great resolution. Again, I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. Rohrabacher) for his leadership. As usual, he is in the forefront of a very good cause.  