Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of this legislation, though I believe it doesn't go nearly far enough to rein in the political chicanery surrounding Antiquities Act withdrawals and declarations.  I don't know whether to laugh or cry when I hear opponents of this bill deplore the simple requirement that the President follow the National Environmental Policy Act--NEPA--the same stringent environmental review law that other federal agencies have to follow.  Why does the President of the United States have the prerogative to make a small inholder in my state, owning just 20 acres inside a 6-million-acre park, pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to conduct extensive NEPA studies (on behalf of the Park Service) just to have access to his property. How can he justify this at the same time the public--American citizens--cannot demand these studies when millions of acres of land are about to be declared a monument?  This is about accountability and credibility. It's hard to believe, but the public knew less about the President's motives behind the Grand Staircase Escalante withdrawal, than about his mysterious motives behind the pardoning of Puerto Rican terrorists!  Only through the untiring work of my Committee on Resources did we reveal the politically motivated, back-room, election-year deal-making to sacrifice the rights of Utah school children just to please a few Hollywood actors.  I am outraged at the abuse of the Antiquities Act, and it only makes me wonder who's next. Alaska? Arizona? Missouri? I guess that depends on where Republican districts are located, and which Hollywood celebrity bedazzles the President and his aides. But we all know that this is just politics as usual.  This bill simply makes the President do what all other Americans are forced to do for major federal actions: do a NEPA Environmental Impact Study.  If they truly believe that NEPA is a worthy law and protects our environment, then the Clinton/Gore Administration should be required to comply with it, just like everyone else.  