Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4.  Today I rise in support of H.R. 4, ``A bill to declare it to be the policy of the United States to deploy a national missile defense.'' Let's face the fact that the ballistic missile threat is not, I repeat, is not decreasing, it's here now and growing. The deployment of a national missile defense system is necessary for protection from rogue nations such as North Korea and Iran.  Alaska is still on the front line, as it was during the cold war, but today's threat is from the increase of important military technology, including nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons and ballistic missiles. In recent years, ballistic missiles and weapons of mass destruction technologies have increased at an alarming rate. In fact, rogue states such as North Korea and Iran have arsenals which are growing by the day. Alaska is within the sites of these rogue nations.  Residents of Alaska are concerned about the fact that there is no protection from the threat of a ballistic missile attack. The Alaska state legislature recently passed a resolution calling on the President and Congress to provide for the common defense of our nation and the deployment of a national missile defense system. We not only owe it to Alaskans to protect them from the threat of a ballistic missile attack, but to the entire United States.  Today, we can deliver on a policy that will move the defense of our nation forward. I urge your support of H.R. 4.  Mr. Speaker I include for the Record a copy of the Alaska House Joint Resolution. House Joint Resolution No. 8 in the Legislature of the State of Alaska       A resolution relating to a national ballistic missile      defense system.       Be it resolved by the legislature of the State of Alaska:       Whereas the collapse of the Soviet Union has rendered      obsolete the treaty constraints and diplomatic understandings      that limited the development and deployment of weapons of      mass destruction and their delivery systems during the Cold      War; and       Whereas the world has consequently witnessed during this      decade an unprecedented proliferation of sophisticated      military technology, including nuclear, chemical, and      biological weapons and ballistic missiles; and       Whereas the United States has recognized that it currently      has no means of protecting all of its citizens from attack by      these new threats and has initiated a program to develop and      deploy a national ballistic missile defense system; and       Whereas four locations in the state are currently being      considered as sites for deployment of the intercept vehicles      for this system; and       Whereas each of these locations provides the unmatched      military value of a strategic location from which Americans      living in all 50 states can be defended as required by the      United States Constitution; and       Whereas, throughout Alaska's history as a territory and a      state, Alaska's citizens have been unwavering in their      support of a strong national defense while warmly welcoming      the men and women of our armed forces stationed here;       Be it resolved, That the Twenty-First Alaska State      Legislature calls upon the President, as Commander In Chief      of the Armed Forces of the United States, to provide for the      common defense of our nation by selecting an Alaska site for      the deployment of the national ballistic missile defense      system.       Copies of this resolution shall be sent to the Honorable      Bill Clinton, President of the United States; the Honorable      Floyd D. Spence, Chair, Committee on Armed Services, U.S.      House of Representatives; the Honorable John Warner, Chair,      Committee on Armed Services, U.S. Senate; and to the      Honorable Ted Stevens and the Honorable Frank Murkowski, U.S.      Senators, and the Honorable Don Young, U.S. Representative,      members of the Alaska delegation in Congress.  