Mr. Chairman, before I begin on the amendment, I want to say a strong congratulations to the chairman of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Regula) and the ranking member on the subcommittee, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Dicks), and all of the members of the subcommittee and the staff for having produced an outstanding appropriations bill, especially outstanding considering all of the budgetary restraints and all of the changes that had to be put in place during the consideration of the bill in the markups. They have done an outstanding job as usual. I would hope that all Members would be supportive of this bill.  The amendment that I offer is the manager's amendment that most of us have been accustomed to so far on appropriations bills this year. The amendment has three parts:  First, the amendment decreases land acquisition in the Bureau of Land Management by $5 million. This will eliminate the acquisition at the Upper Missouri National Wild and Scenic River in Montana. It is our understanding and the committee understands that there is local opposition to the acquisition at this time. We believe this amendment is compatible with the wishes of the people of that region.  Second, the amendment increases the deferral of clean coal funding in the Department of Energy by $66 million, for a total clean coal deferral of $256 million. This, Mr. Chairman, conforms to the administration's budget request which proposed a $256 million deferral of clean coal funding.  Third, Mr. Chairman, in order to get to the number, the bottom line, that we have all been determined to arrive at on this bill, maybe I should not say all of us but some of us, the amendment provides for something that I really am uncomfortable with but I am not sure of any other way to get where we have to be, and, that is, a 0.48 percent across-the-board reduction to domestic discretionary programs in this bill. The result of this will be a reduction of approximately $69 million, which will be assessed on a pro-rata basis against each account and each individual project in the bill.  In total, the amendment will reduce the bill by approximately $140 million. In combination with the amendments that have already been adopted thus far, this amendment will result in a final total for the bill which is approximately $100 million below the freeze level as identified by the Congressional Budget Office for domestic discretionary programs in this bill.  In a year of very tight budget restraints with the 1997 budget agreement that placed our budget cap at $17 billion below last year's spending, there are things that we might have to do that we do not like to do in order to get where we have to be. This amendment is part of that process.  And so I offer this amendment, Mr. Chairman, for the Members of this House to work their will to determine if they want to bring this bill down below the freeze level which is where we would ask them to come.  Mr. Chairman, I ask for support of the amendment.  