Mr. Speaker, as co-author of H.R. 2454, I rise in strong support of the Arctic Tundra Habitat Emergency Conservation Act. The fundamental goal of this legislation is to stop the destruction of the Canadian Arctic Tundra by a growing population of mid-continent light geese. If we do not act, these valuable wetlands may be lost forever.  Three years ago, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service joined with the Canadian Wildlife Service, Ducks Unlimited, the National Audubon Society and several State and Provincial Fish and Game Departments in forming the Arctic Goose Habitat Working Group. After carefully studying the problem, the Group issued a report that recommended that the population of mid-continent light geese, which now numbers more than five million birds, be cut in half within six years.  The working group suggested that the food supply be reduced along U.S. Flyways, baiting of light geese be permitted, sharpshooters be hired to kill large numbers of geese and additional hunting methods such as electronic goose calls and unplugged shotguns be utilized.  The Fish and Wildlife Service carefully reviewed these recommendations and it conducted an exhaustive analysis of the various wildlife management options to reduce the population. It flatly rejected the flawed idea of ``letting nature run its course'' because it would cause an environmental catastrophe and many of the suggestions of the Working Group were not implemented.  In fact, in the end, the Service issued two modest rules which would have increased the harvest of light geese by allowing hunters to use electronic calls and unplugged shotguns. While these changes by themselves would not save the fragile Arctic ecosystem, they were a responsible step in the right direction.  Once enacted these rules will reduce the population of mid-continent geese and more importantly they will slow the destruction of the Arctic Tundra that is being transformed from thickly vegetated wetlands to a virtual desert.  In La Prouse Bay in Canada, which is a critical nesting site, more than 60 percent of the salt-marsh vegetation has already been destroyed or damaged to the point where it is unable to nourish birds.  Regrettable, in response to a court order, the Fish and Wildlife Service withdrew their regulations and they are now completing an Environmental Impact Statement on mid-continent light geese.  While that occurs, the Arctic Tundra will continue to be destroyed an acre at a time and these essential wetlands which provide life for literally hundreds of avian species, besides geese, will be irreplaceably lost.  There is a better way. H.R. 2454 will reinstate the Fish and Wildlife Service's rules in their identical form. It is a temporary solution and it will sunset no later than May 15, 2001. This legislation is strongly supported by the Administration, the States, and by most of the conservation community including Ducks Unlimited and the National Audubon Society.  In closing, let me quote from the Chairman of the Arctic Goose Habitat Working Group, Dr. Bruce Batt, who testified that ``the finite amount of suitable goose breeding habitat is rapidly being consumed and eventually will be lost. Every technical, Administrative, legal and political delay just adds to the problem. There is real urgency here as we may not be far from the point where the only choice is to record the aftermath of the crash of goose numbers with the related ecosystem destruction with all the other species that live there with geese.''  I urge an aye vote on H.R. 2454, a bipartisan bill that will save critical Arctic wetlands.  