Mr. Speaker, the Bikini Resettlement and Relocation Act of 1999, H.R. 2368, is an important measure to help the relocation and resettlement of the people of Bikini Atoll. This community was displaced during the time of United States nuclear testing in the Pacific and while the U.S. was the administering authority for the islands under the United Nations Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands. Congress continues to have responsibility for the trust funds that were established during the trusteeship for the resettlement and relocation of certain island communities, including Bikini Atoll.  The Committee on Resources conducted a Congressional pre-hearing briefing on May 10th and a hearing on May 11th, 1999, on the status of nuclear claims, relocation and resettlement efforts in the Marshall Islands. During the hearing process, the elected representative of the people of Bikini presented the Kili/Bikini/Ejit Local Government Council's May 12, 1999 Resolution, asking Congress to support a one-time 3% distribution from the Resettlement Trust Fund, which is used both for the cleanup of Bikini and for the ongoing needs of the Bikini people. In addition, the Marshall Islands Government expressed unqualified support for the Bikini request. Congress established the Resettlement Trust Fund in 1982 pursuant to P.L. 97-257 and appropriated additional funds in 1988 pursuant to P.L. 100-446.  I introduced H.R. 2368 jointly with the Ranking Minority Member George Miller of the Committee on Resources on June 29, 1999, to respond to the request of the Bikini community and the government of the Marshall Islands. My statement of introduction appearedin the Congressional Record on that date with the text of the Kili/Bikini/Ejit Local Government Council's May 12, 1999 Resolution on June 29, 1999 H.R. 2368 would:  Authorize a one-time 3% distribution from the Resettlement Trust Fund for relocation and resettlement assistance primarily for the remaining senior citizens of Bikini Atoll [3% of $126 million or $3.7 million]; not require an appropriation of any funds by the U.S. Congress; not diminish the original corpus of the Resettlement Trust Fund [$110 million]; provide relocation assistance now to the surviving 90 members of Bikini who were removed from their home island, as it may still take years to complete radiological restoration of the atoll to permit safe habitation; and respond to the resolution of the Bikini Council requesting this legislative action by Congress.  The Bikinians, for their part, have ensured the fiscal integrity of the Resettlement Trust Fund. They have selected reputable U.S. banks as trustees, hired well-respected and talented investment advisors and money managers, and provided for routine monthly financial statements and annual audits. Due to the Bikini Council's voluntary restraint on the use of these funds, and the success of the fund managers, the corpus remains intact, the trust fund has earned almost 14% annually, every dollar has been accounted for, annual audits are prepared, and monthly financial statements are sent to the Interior Department.  In light of the strength of the trust, its fiscal integrity, the lengthy time a cleanup and restoration will take, and the special circumstances of the elders, the Bikinians wish to make a one-time 3% distribution from the Resettlement Trust Fund, with the understanding that the primary beneficiaries of the distribution will be the 90 surviving Bikini elders. Because of the excellent management of the trust fund, such a distribution will not require an appropriation of funds by Congress, nor will it diminish the original corpus of the trust.  The authorization in H.R. 2368 for the people of Bikini is appropriate and consistent with the desires of the community of Bikini and congressional intent for the resettlement of the people whose lives and homes were disrupted by U.S. testing. This measure assists some of the people of the former Trust Territory community administered by the United States, who we still maintain relations through a Compact of Free Association. Without any additional cost to the U.S. taxpayer, Congress can be responsive to the remaining senior Bikini elders' resettlement and relocation efforts.  