Chair, I rise today to again voice my strong support for H.R. 1734, the Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act. We have been down this road before, and it has been bipartisan every step of the way. Versions of this legislation already passed the House on a number of occasions, and I believe that each Congress our thoughtful solution got better as we work to protect jobs, public health, and the environment. We worked closely with states as well as the administration, and we have a balanced solution before us today.  This legislation incorporates the EPA's final coal ash rule that was announced in December and eliminates the challenges to its implementation. It sets up a state-based regulatory program to ensure the safe management and disposal of coal ash.  States like my home state of Michigan have been, and will always be, better suited to implement rules and regulations because they understand local conditions. Folks who are on the ground are always better able to assess and handle a situation than bureaucrats in Washington.  We have received letters in support of this bipartisan bill from state legislators, governors, and laborers--the list goes on. The Western Governors Association wrote that they ``support congressional efforts to address problematic confusion'' created by EPA's final coal ash rule. They point out that the rule produces an unintended consequence by creating a dual federal and state regulatory system.  Why? Because EPA lacks authority to delegate the coal ash program to states in lieu of a federal program. Their letter also notes that EPA's rule ``does not require facilities to obtain permits, does not require states to adopt and implement new rules, and cannot be enforced by EPA.''  This bill is not about the fracas over burning coal. It's about who's on the Clean-up Committee. It's about who has the expertise and responsibility for protecting a state's natural resources and the health of a state's residents.  And it's not just Western Governors who understand this principle. The Environmental Council of the States, the nonpartisan association of state and territorial environmental agency leaders, has lent their strong voices to this effort, unanimously writing is support of H.R. 1734. This isn't just environmental chiefs from states with coal, or states with governors from the same party. It's all ECOS member states.  We have a thoughtful solution before us today, and I want to recognize the bill's author, Mr. McKinley, and the subcommittee chairman, Mr. Shimkus, for their hard work. We have been at this for years and have struck the sweet spot. I urge all Members to vote ``yes'' on final passage and to vote with the gentlemen from Illinois on any amendments. I yield back.  