Speaker, right now as we speak, the international community is meeting in Argentina to discuss the state of the Internet around the globe. We have an opportunity today to send a loud and clear message to those gathered in Buenos Aires: that the United States will not stand for anything other than strong safeguards to protect our online future.  By advancing the DOTCOM Act, we can ensure that the Internet--the world's greatest platform of ideas, commerce, and social connection--continues to thrive to the benefit of folks in Michigan and every corner of the country.  As we move toward transitioning the United States' oversight role of the Domain Name System to the international community of stakeholders, it is essential we tread carefully and thoughtfully. The bill we are considering today is a bipartisan effort to ensure appropriate congressional oversight of this incredibly important transition, and ensure that the administration and NTIA get it right as there are no do-overs.  Over the course of the past year, the Energy and Commerce Committee has engaged in efforts to ensure that any transition proposal considered by the administration contains the necessary safeguards to protect the Internet. This bill incorporates the criteria initially put forward by NTIA, and requires the agency to certify to Congress that the proposal meets these important metrics. It would also put important accountability measures in place for the Internet community.  This legislation, which the Energy and Commerce Committee approved by voice vote, is the result of many informative hearings, feedback from a variety of stakeholders--both domestically and internationally--and productive and ongoing conversations between members on both sides of the aisle. Once again, our committee's efforts demonstrate that Congress can work together to achieve meaningful results and build a bipartisan record of success. I want to recognize Mr. Shimkus for his leadership on this issue from the beginning, as well as Chairman Walden and Ranking Member Pallone for their hard work on this commonsense solution to protect the Internet on which we have come to depend.  The world is watching. A vote for the DOTCOM Act is a vote for effective Congressional oversight. I urge all members to support this important legislation.  