Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 1321, the Microbead-Free Waters Act of 2015.  I am pleased to have partnered with my friend, Energy and Commerce Committee Ranking Member Frank Pallone from New Jersey, on this very important bill to begin the phaseout of plastic microbeads, which you can see in this picture, literally the size of a pinhead sometimes on a penny, to begin the phaseout of plastic microbeads from personal care products on July 1, 2017.  Many folks might be wondering, what exactly is a microbead? Well, I am sure many of you here and at home are using products that contain microbeads without even realizing it. Microbeads are those tiny little scrubbers in cleansers, body scrubs, and even toothpaste. On their own, they are nearly invisible, smaller than a pinhead, as I indicated.  But once they are flushed down the drain, that is when the problem really begins. They are so small they easily flow through the water filtration systems and end up in our bodies of water, obviously, including the Great Lakes, where I hail from. They are known to absorb pollutants and often mistaken as food by fish and wildlife. Simply put, microbeads are causing megaproblems.  As someone who grew up on Lake Michigan and represents a large chunk of the Michigan coastline, I understand firsthand how important it is to maintain the beauty and integrity of our Great Lakes and all of our water systems. The Great Lakes have survived many a foe--severe pollution, oil spills, discharge from refineries, zebra mussels, and attempts to steal our water, just to name a few. We are going to fight any activity that puts our beloved Great Lakes in jeopardy.  Many State and local governments have created a patchwork of differing laws, which creates problems for interstate commerce. This bipartisan legislation will also preempt all State and local laws related to microbeads in cosmetics, which will ensure certainty for manufacturers and other job creators across the country.  I urge all my colleagues to join me in ending this pesky problem of microbeads. They are tiny plastic, but big time pollution. As Michigan's Holland Sentinel editorialized this past spring, ``There's no reason keeping our faces feeling clean should require us to trash our lakes.''  I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.  