Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.  Mr. Speaker, I really thank Chairman Price for the budget process that we have seen this year. One of the toughest votes any Member has, whether the Republicans are in charge or the Democrats--either side--is the passage of a budget. For a lot of years, at least on our side of the aisle, we complained bitterly that the Senate was never able to pass a budget for, probably, 4 or 5 years, I want to say.  It didn't happen this year. We passed a responsible budget in the House, and the Senate passed a budget.  I don't think many Americans realize that the budget, itself, does not go to the President for his signature or veto. It is just the roadmap for us, and it sets up the stage where we can use reconciliation. This is a process, I want to say, President Reagan used for the first time back in the eighties. I worked at the White House then.  This is a way that you don't need the 60-vote threshold that most bills require in the Senate. You only need 50 votes. So that budget process, by getting a conference agreement, was nurtured through the two bodies--the House and the Senate. Then began the process of reconciliation within the authorizing committees. Our committee--Energy and Commerce--Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, and others can come up with a real savings to match that budget target that we set last spring.  That is what this is. It is reconciliation. It is a coming together based on the budget, and this, in fact, is a bill that goes to the President. In the Statement of Administration Policy, we are expecting a veto, but at least we are getting the job done. We are delivering on what we said we would do, and we are getting the bill to the President for action either way.  I just want to take this time and again thank Chairman Price and others and my fellow committee chairs for their hard work because it is. It is hard work to get a bill to the House floor, particularly one that actually does reduce the deficit, something that many of us on both sides of the aisle actually support.  Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Tom Price), and I ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control the balance of my time.  