Speaker, this is a long time coming. The breakthrough bipartisan bill before us today is the culmination of a multi-year, multi-Congress effort to modernize our decades-old chemical safety laws. The Toxic Substances Control Act, which was signed into law by Michigan's own President Jerry Ford, needs to be updated for the 21st century. And this thoughtful bill improves chemical safety while encouraging continued innovation and economic growth and gives the public greater confidence in the safety of American-made chemicals and the products that contain them.  There are six core elements that form the basis of the TSCA Modernization Act. First, this bill helps markets work and provides certainty. Chemicals will get reviewed and will be ruled either safe for intended uses, or in need of a risk management rule. Once a decision is made by EPA, that decision will apply in all the states. Manufacturers won't have to produce 50 different product versions for 50 different states.  Second, the bill respects the role of states and individual rights of action. Tort and contract claims are explicitly protected in the pre-emption section.  Third, any regulation of a chemical will be guided by common sense. Is the regulation cost effective? If use in an article were restricted, will exposure actually go down? Is there a feasible replacement? Is the transition period fair? Without good answers to these questions regulation will not move forward.  Fourth, the bill will build confidence for consumers and the general public that chemicals on the market anywhere in the U.S. are safe, and not just because EPA says so. EPA must evaluate risk against the most stringent science standards we've ever enacted for chemicals. And the science has to be transparent and hold up to objective peer review.  Fifth, the bill lets government and industry actually collaborate. Chemical manufacturers are given the choice to ask for and get a chemical evaluated. And EPA must meet strict action deadlines. If the science indicates the chemical is safe, then EPA must say so, and that determination will be the law in all 50 states.  Finally, the bill encourages innovation, largely by protecting confidential business information. New technology is not likely to appear if the secret formula can be stolen andcopied the minute a new product appears. This bill would prevent that from happening.  Each of the elements of the bill are not trade-offs, each provision works to the support the others. It would not accomplish much good for EPA to evaluate all these chemicals if the results were not going to apply in all the states. It does not make sense for the government to be writing safety regulations if the result is no real improvement in safety. And a manufacturer is not likely to cooperate with the government in chemical evaluation if to do so means giving up a trade secret.  The TSCA Modernization Act solves each of these concerns, as all these safeguards work together.  Mr. Speaker, this is a big day. The TSCA Modernization Act is good for consumers, good for trade, and good for the environment. I especially commend Mr. Shimkus, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Tonko, and Mr. Latta for their dedication and hard work in putting together a bill that can be signed into law. Let's put jobs and the economy first and vote yes.  