President, reserving the right to object, we just heard a very lengthy explanation of an amendment that no one had seen until about an hour ago--at least I don't know of anyone who has.  I think the Senator from Tennessee has every right to do what he can to get his amendment heard, and there are opportunities other than the Defense Authorization bill. One of the problems--and I have worked on these Defense authorization bills for years and years--decades--is that they know it is going to pass. It has passed for 57 consecutive years. So a lot of people who want to put in things that are nongermane and very often controversial want to put them on that because they know it is going to pass.  Senator Corker's is not the only amendment that is a problem amendment for this. There are two other nongermane amendments, one by Senator Lee and one by Senator Paul. They say: If I don't get a vote on my amendment, then I am going to stop all other amendments from coming up, so nobody gets to have an amendment.  At the same time that they are saying that about the Paul amendment and the Lee amendment, we have other Members, such as Senator Grassley and Senator Graham, who are both saying: We are going to make sure you don't get a vote on that. So, whatever the case is, you have opposing parties saying: If you get a vote on something I disagree with, I am going to stop all amendments from coming forth. In a way, they can do that, and I can see that happening right now.  I would ask my friend--because I am going to object; I am going to object not just because of the underlying bill but because it is an amendment that changes the underlying bill.  I have had occasion to talk to two Members of the House who will be part of our conference committee, who strenuously object, not so much to the content of the amendment but to the fact that this is being put on. It will force the House to go back in and reconsider their bill, according to our friend who just advised us of that. So I don't want to do anything that is going to either jeopardize or delay the passage of the Defense authorization bill.  I just got back from Afghanistan, Kuwait, and places all over the world where our troops are, and they all know that this is the week that help is on its way.  We have suffered in this Chamber for the last 10 years. During the Obama administration--I don't say this in a negative way about him, but I will say that he didn't have a strong national defense as a top priority, and he had a policy in which he said: We can't do anything about sequestration in defense unless we do the same thing for the nondefense programs.  What does that tell you? It tells you there is no priority for defending America. That is not what our Constitution says. That should be a priority.  As a result, we have a lot of systems that have gone down. As General Dunford, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said: We are losing our competitive edge. We are losing it. Actually, he said that 2 years ago, so we have lost it in some areas.  Artillery is a good example. Right now, artillery is measured by two means--one by rapid fire and one by range. Both China and Russia now have better artillery than we have in the United States. Most people don't believe that. They don't know what has happened to our military.  Hypersonic is the new weapon that operates at five times the speed of sound. This is something we have been working on. We are racing against our peer competitors--China and Russia--and they are ahead of us. They are ahead of us in the area of the nuclear triad. We haven't done anything to our nuclear program in the last 10 years, and they are ahead of us.  So all these things are happening. The troops know it is out there. They know their pay raise is in this bill. They know their benefits are in this bill. They know it is a good bill. It should pass unanimously in the U.S. Senate. But if you start putting something on it that, No. 1, doesn't belong on it in terms of germaneness, and, No. 2, is going to cause a pause that could be detrimental to our fighting troopsand for getting the bill done, then I wouldn't want to do that.  So I would like to join Senator Corker in finding another bill. I will do all I can to help him to get that on as an amendment, but not to the Defense authorization bill. I think this would cause a lot of damage. The House agrees with this. I can't let that happen. For that reason, I object.  