President, I think it is kind of unprecedented to have, in this case, the acting chairman and the ranking member be so close together on what we have attempted to do.  I think it is worthwhile to note, as Senator Reed brought up, that we had the committee hearing on this, and it is very rare we come out as we did on that. We actually did that in 1 day. It was 1 day, and it was 9 hours total. I am not sure if that is some kind of a record or not, but it shows that we are working very well together, and I was hoping that would take care of this today.  Anyway, we are now going to start discussing this bill. Since we have lost the opportunity to move to the bill and actually start on amendments, I think it is more important now to at least talk about what we are anticipating. Today we will begin consideration--even though we are not on the bill, we can still talk about it. This is the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. It is the most important piece of legislation we consider every year.  As I have said, this is now the 57th consecutive year that we have done this. I remember that just a few years ago we got very close to the middle of December or the end of December, which is an absolute deadline to get it done for the fiscal year. We had to go to the big four, and we got it done and got it passed. Well, we don't want to do that now. We want to do it the right way, and we want to consider all of the amendments because in that year, we got the bill, but we didn't consider any amendments.  You can talk to any of the Members. A lot of times they were in closed meetings, and we talked about the necessity of getting the amendments opened up so that anyone could offer an amendment, and, of course, they were denied doing that at that time. Now we are still in a position that we can do this, but it has put it off about a week.  Anyway, this is the most important legislation we pass every year. One more time, I want to thank Senator Jack Reed, the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, for his work on this and for the fact that we were able to do it as rapidly as we did. I also want to thank the majority leader, Senator McConnell, not only for bringing the NDAA to the floor this week, but also for his willingness to do so under regular order. That is what we wanted, and we were able to do it.  Finally, and most importantly, I want to thank the committee chairman, Senator John McCain, for his strong leadership in the preparation of the NDAA this year, which he has done each year for a long period of time. Make no mistake, he may not be here today, but this is his bill. His priorities and his policy objectives are in this bill. This year's NDAA is a true embodiment of what Chairman McCain has worked to advance during his decades of service and his tenure as chairman of this committee. It deserves to bear his name, and it does bear his name.  We are all keeping Chairman McCain in our hearts and our prayers as he continues to prove that he is the fighter we all know him to be. I am sure he is watching right now. Senator McCain, we all know the fighter you are. 