President, I would suggest that the War Powers Act does specifically say that the President has the very power to enter our troops into combat. It shouldn't be necessary to say.  People are asking me questions and calling up and asking: Where are we on the NDAA? I want to make a few comments about that and then give an exact status as to where we are right now.  We said it before, but we can't overstate this: This NDAA bill is going to pass. We know it is going to pass. It has passed for 57 consecutive years, and it is one that has to pass because this is the most important bill of the year.  Last night, we adopted a managers' package of some 45 bipartisan amendments. This is on top of some 300 amendments that we already have gone through in the committee.  I want to say with my counterpart here--Senator Reed--that we are in total agreement on the procedures we should be following. We are in agreement on an open amendment process. Both the Democratic and Republican leadership are committed to an open amendment process. We have been trying to set that up, and we have not been shortchanging or shortcutting anyone's ability to be heard on their amendment, because we have already gone through 300 of these in committee, and then it passed unanimously to the floor. That is something that doesn't happen very often.  I hope that we can have more amendments throughout this process. We are working to get consent to do that. I think we can make it happen. We want an open amendment process. Everybody wants that.  I recently got back from visiting with American troops around the world--Afghanistan, Poland, Kuwait, just to name a few. When I meet with these troops, I go and talk to the enlisted guys in the mess hall. You can find out a lot more by sitting down and eating with the guys in the mess hall in Afghanistan than you can having a hearing in Washington, DC. One of the things I learned last week was that our troops want to know if we are really doing all we can.  The proper authorizations, reports, trainings, things like we established in this bill would be improved by an open amendment process. The open amendment process is the hallmark of our democracy. It is very significant, and it is something we need to be doing, and we are all in agreement on that.  Now, the NDAA is also a message to our allies around the world. They don't want to have to hedge their bets. It wasn't too long ago we were in the South China Sea, and we saw where China is actually building all of these islands out there. I contend, it is illegally building them because they don't own the land. It is almost as if they are preparing for World War III. All of that is going on right now. So it is a very hostile world out there.  We saw the progress the President made yesterday with Kim Jong Un. That was nothing short of a miracle that they are sitting down and visiting, that they have agreed on certain denuclearization prospects. I think they have done a great job, and I am anxious to give this President the authority to continue in his work.  While we continue to work out the amendment process, I ask my colleagues to come down to the floor.  Let me say where we are right now. Senator Corker is blocking the consideration of all amendments, unless he receives a vote on his amendment. I appreciate very much the friendly attitude he has had toward this. He feels very strongly, but there is a blue-slip problem with this; that is, it is not going to be considered by the House because it is a revenue issue we are dealing with, and that is why it is a blue-slip issue. I know Senator Corker did want to correct that last night, and he attempted to do it. I have not heard that he has been able to successfully do it, and I don't believe he has.  There are several already who have said, in the event Corker tries to bring it up for a vote, they will block that vote. So that vote would be blocked.  Senator Paul and Senator Lee have amendments that are similar to each other. Each one is blocking unless he receives a vote. So we have Senator Lee saying, unless he gets a vote on his amendment, he is going to block anyone else from having an amendment or getting a vote; in other words, no amendments. Senator Paul, the same thing, no amendments. Now, their amendments are similar to each other, but there are some slight differences, but that is where they are right now.  However, Senator Graham and Senator Grassley have said, in the event Senator Paul or Senator Lee puts their amendment forward, they would stop their amendments from coming up. So that is where we are. We have the Corker amendment, and it is one that has a blue-slip problem. We have the indefinite detention amendment by Paul, and both Graham and Grassley have said they would object if that comes up for a vote. So we can't have a vote on that. There is nothing we can do except get them together to decide.  This significant bill we are talking about is the most significant bill of the year, and we can't move on it until--and, I agree, there is a problem. I have talked to a lot of our Members who are fairly new Members, and they talk about the Senate process and that one person can stop everything from happening. Well, it has been that way a long time, and this is where we seem to have to pay dearly for it. I have to say this also because many times on legislation we have on the floor, it is Democrat versus Republican, Republican versus Democrat. Well, Senator Reed and I don't have any disagreement. We disagree on some of the issues we are going to be dealing with as we debate amendments--and that is going to happen this week--but we both agree the other has the chance to present his best case and try to win on the issues.  So that is going on, and this is one of the rare cases where I guess all the problems we are having objecting to amendments are all coming from the Republican side. I hope our Republicans will get together with each other and determine what areas they actually will be objecting to. That is where we are right now.  Let me, one more time, commend Senator Reed for the cooperation we are getting between the Democrats and Republicans on this, the most significant bill of the year.  I yield the floor.  