President, let me just share what just happened here. I have been involved with this for a long time, including over in the House when we had our NDAA. Now, I am fully aware and everybody here knows that we have passed this NDAA for 57 consecutive years, and we are going to pass it. But one of the things I really don't like about the procedure is that one person--any one person, Democrat or Republican--can object, as this was just objected to, and cause us to have to file cloture. This is going to put this off for a period of time, and two undesirable results can result. One result can be that it can ultimately deny Members from offering their amendments, whether they are germane or not.  I will state how much I appreciate the fact that Senator Reed and I in our committee have worked very closely together, and we made a decision that we want to have an open amendment process. We had discussion of this in our committee and everyone agrees with this.  This could have the effect of ultimately closing the door to everyone who has an amendment. We don't want that, but we did everything we could to stop an objection from taking place so that we could at least move on to the bill.  We need to get on the bill, and then we can try to do all kinds of arrangements. At one time, Senator Reed and I talked about maybe coming up with 10 amendments or 15 amendments or 3 amendments each, Democrats and Republicans, so that we could at least say to the individuals on our side--and I would say to my Republican friends--that I will do everything within my power to see that you get a vote. Unfortunately you can't do that because you can't guarantee there will be a vote. So that is the thing I regret, and the other bad part of this is that it is going to put it off for about a week.  I just got back from all of our war zones, talking to our troops on the ground, telling them that this is going to happen, that we are going to be taking up the NDAA, and telling them what is in it in terms of pay raises, what is in it in terms of priorities, and how we are going to try to get modernized. Right now we have several pieces of equipment that over the last 10 years have been ignored, and we have peer competitors in Russia and in China that have better equipment than we do. An artillery piece is evaluated by rapid fire and range, and right now our rapid fire is not as fast as either Russia's or China's. We see what is happening in the China Sea. We are over there. We see that our allies are looking and thinking: You know, the Chinese are preparing for World War III. What are we doing?  By postponing this, all of our troops and all of our very valued people who are risking their lives on a daily basis are going to wonder: Why didn't we go ahead and go with this thing? It is wrong.  I do want to say this. Senator Reed and I and our committees did everything we could to try to accommodate everyone as best as our rules would allow us to do. In living with the limitations that we have, we have done everything we can do.  I do want to compliment the entire Senate Armed Services Committee. We have also worked on the House side. Between Senator Reed and me--Democrats and Republicans--we have done everything we could to keep this from happening. Again, as long as I can remember, at the last minute, one Senator can put this off and create the damage and potential damage that has been created now. I do regret that.  