President, we have talked about this recently more than we have in quite some time: Defending America needs to be our No. 1 commitment. To many of us, it has always been. That is why we have been coming to the floor, talking about the national defense strategy, the Armed Services Committee, and we have had the honor and privilege of hearing from some really well-informed people--Members and people from the outside--and they look and see the threats that we are facing. Now, they don't always agree with each other, but I really believe we are in the most threatened position we have been in as a country in the years I have been here. That will come as a little surprise because people know we have had threats, that we have been at war for two decades, and that we still have the threat of terrorism. It is out there. They have seen dangerous behavior in rogue states.  I like the idea the administration came up with as we were looking at our peer competitors, which are China and Russia. These are countries that actually have passed us up in many areas. Italk to the American people when I go back to my State of Oklahoma, and they find out we have countries that actually have things that are better than what we have. There are quotes we have heard from our various top people on the types of artillery our competition has. Not only do we have peer competition from China and Russia, but we also have the rogue countries that are out there--North Korea, Iran, and all of them. So the threat is there. It is a very real thing.  We need to have answers, so the Department of Defense has created a new defense strategy. This new defense strategy is one that, I think, has been done very well. It takes into consideration the problems of countries that are peer competition along with the rogue nations. I think it has really done a good job.  We had a hearing about 2 weeks ago on the National Defense Strategy Commission that was put together. I have been here for quite some time and have seen a lot of Commissions and a lot of reports come up. I have never seen one that--I wouldn't even call it bipartisan--was just nonpartisan. One of the individuals, Gary Roughead, who is an admiral and was a cochairman of the National Defense Strategy Commission, said he didn't have any idea who on that Commission was appointed by Democrats and who by Republicans. There were an equal number of Democrats and Republicans from the House and an equal number of Democrats and Republicans from the Senate. It did come out just with the very difficult truth that we had to deal with. I think one of the cochairmen was Ambassador Edelman, and he said it was so bipartisan that there was no way of telling who had appointed whom.  Anyway, this is something that has been put together, and the Commission report has a bunch of stuff that tells the whole ugly truth. It is an ugly truth to realize, particularly when you talk to people out there in the real world throughout America. They assume we have the best of everything. So to find out we have a real threat kind of makes you go back and remember the good old days of the Cold War, when we had two superpowers, because we knew what they had, and they knew what we had. Mutual assured destruction meant something. It doesn't mean anything anymore.  One of the significant individuals on this report was Senator Kyl from Arizona. The reason I say that is, Senator Kyl, in my opinion and in the opinions of many people, has been historically in the U.S. Senate and has been, perhaps, one of the most--if not the most--knowledgeable of individuals on the threats we face and on our capabilities we have in this country. It is unique that Senator Kyl is on this Commission because, when he got on the Commission, he was not a member of the U.S. Senate. He came back after the death of Senator John McCain and is serving for what appears to be just a short period of time. So he is in the unique position of serving on the Commission and of having been, for many years, in a position to help us meet something we have not met before that is a real challenge.  Senator Kyl, why don't you kind of talk about, maybe, the Senate and its bipartisan nature and how this thing came together, which would be very similar as to how it was expressed when we had our meeting, I think, 2 or 3 weeks ago for this Commission. It has been very successful, and I applaud the Senator for his work on it.  