      Air Force nomination of Lt. Gen. John N. T. Shanahan, to be      Lieutenant General.       Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Kevin B. Schneider, to be      Lieutenant General.       Army nominations beginning with Brig. Gen. Stephen J. Hager      and ending with Col. Nelson G. Rosen, which nominations were      received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional      Record on October 5, 2018.       Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Laura L. Yeager, to be Major      General.       Navy nomination of Vice Adm. Michael M. Gilday, to be Vice      Admiral.       Air Force nominations beginning with Brigadier General      Jeffrey W. Burkett and ending with Brigadier General Russ A.      Walz, which nominations were received by the Senate and      appeared in the Congressional Record on November 13, 2018.       Air Force nominations beginning with Colonel James R. Camp      and ending with Colonel James G. Silvasy, which nominations      were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional      Record on November 13, 2018.       Air Force nominations beginning with Colonel Darrin K.      Anderson and ending with Colonel John W. Pogorek, which      nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the      Congressional Record on November 13, 2018.       Air Force nomination of Col. Thomas A. Dukes, Jr., to be      Brigadier General.       Air Force nomination of Col. Christopher L. Montanaro, to      be Brigadier General.       Air Force nominations beginning with Brigadier General Vito      E. Addabbo and ending with Brigadier General Boyd C. L.      Parker IV, which nominations were received by the Senate and      appeared in the Congressional Record on November 13, 2018.       Air Force nominations beginning with Colonel Elizabeth E.      Arledge and ending with Colonel Roger P. Suro, which      nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the      Congressional Record on November 13, 2018.       Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Sami D. Said, to be      Lieutenant General.       Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. David W. Allvin, to be      Lieutenant General.       Navy nomination of Rear Adm. (lh) Brent W. Scott, to be      Rear Admiral.       Air Force nominations beginning with Col. John J. Bartrum      and ending with Col. Anita L. Fligge, which nominations were      received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional      Record on November 13, 2018.  