I can't tell you how important it was to have this document. It is the first time I have seen everything written down so we understand it and the unvarnished truth about the threats out there.  Right now we have this as the blueprint we are using. We are also doing what we did this last year on the NDAA. The National Defense Authorization Act is one which has to be done and done in a timely manner. We were able to do it last year. We are going to do the same thing this year, but when we talk about rebuilding the readiness, the brigade combat teams, up until about 2 years ago, we were only at 35 percent of what could actually be used. Of course, the Marines and the Navy use the F-18s, and only 31 percent of those were actually flyable at the time. We have a lot of that type of thing that is going to be necessary.  You mentioned the triad. A lot of people don't know what that is, but now that both China and Russia know what it is, it is important we do the job we are supposed to do.  Acquisition reform. I can remember when the Senator from Arizona and I were both on the House Armed Services Committee. At that time, 30 years ago, we were talking about acquisition reform. We haven't been doing it. We have some really dedicated people who have background in that, and we are going to try to get something done, but I think the main thing right now is going to have to be funding.  The Senator mentioned the 3- to 5-percent increase in funding over and above the amount of inflation. When you stop and think about it, when we started out 2 years ago, in fiscal year 2018, we raised it to $700 billion; in fiscal year 2019, we raised the budget for the military up to $716 billion; then the first budget that came out from this President for fiscal year 2020 is $733 billion. If you do the math, between fiscalyear 2016 and fiscal year 2033, it is only increasing it by 2.1 percent, which isn't even inflation.  At that level, we are not carrying out the recommendation that came from the Commission and all those individuals who agree with it--the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secretary of Defense, and everyone else knowledgeable in the field. So we have our work cut out for us.  