Speaker, there is no greater crime, I do not believe, than a child that has been molested, perhaps killed, or not killed but sexually molested by somebody else. I had a woman in my district talk to me in tears about her 9-year-old that was raped. Thank goodness he was convicted. He is now serving in Jackson Prison. But he is going to get out. The experts say that he is going to do it again and again and again.  However, when he gets out, I want a law like Megan's law, so whether he goes to St. Joe or Kalamazoo or South Bend, anyplace else, the victim, the family, the police, the community are going to be able to watch him forever. He is going to have a tattoo on his head that is going to be there forever.  Mr. Speaker, last year I had two little boys, sons of migrant workers from Texas, in my district who were stolen allegedly by a sexual molester, because he has not been convicted yet I use the word allegedly, out from Iowa, picked them up in the twin cities in Michigan; and thank goodness, because it was a nationwide case and CNN and ABC News and ``Good Morning America'' had his picture, they found him in New Orleans. I do not want that to happen again to that family.  Something like this that, thank goodness, a number of States have passed on their own, ought to be a national law. That is why I rise in support, to make sure that we will take whatever step we can, so no family will ever have it happen to them as it has happened to people in my district.  Mr. Speaker, I would urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote for a very strong bipartisan bill so we can try and end this terrible human tragedy that, unfortunately, strikes far too many Americans.  Mr. McCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I would simply like to close the debate on this side by commenting again about how thankful I am that the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Zimmer] saw fit to produce this piece of legislation. Contrary to what some have said about it earlier, this is not a mandate on the States. This is a provision typically that we try to do in the underlying legislation that is already law to encourage the States to do these things that we think they need to do as a group to fight such types of crimes as we have in the case of those who commit violence against children, especially sexual crimes, by holding the carrot out of money that they may receive of Federal largesse that they otherwise would not receive.  I think this is a very good corrective measure. It will require, rather than simply permit, local jurisdictions in cases where there is, indeed, a necessity to do so, to notify those in the community that somebody who has been a convicted sexual predator is being released. I again thank the gentleman from New Jersey, who authored this legislation. I have been pleased to produce it out of the Subcommittee on Crime of the Committee on the Judiciary.  