Speaker, this has been a long and arduous process. Putting together the revised export provisions for drug and device exports would not have been possible without the help of my good friends and colleagues, the chairman of the Commerce Committee Tom Bliley, and the ranking member on the committee, John Dingell. Their efforts have made our goal of allowing easier exporting of these important medical products a reality, and I thank them and their staffs for all of their hard work.  As many of you know, I introduced H.R. 1300 in May of last year. Mr. Rich Rakow, a constituent of mine in southwest Michigan, who works for one of the drug manufacturers in my district came to me during a town meeting about a problem his company was having exporting its products. It seems that under our current export restrictions, it is virtually impossible to ship drugs or medical devices out of this country for use in other countries, even if they meet the needs and requirements of the importing country. I found this, well, unbelievable, and directed Jeff Myers on my staff to look into the matter.  What they reported to me was troublesome, to say the least. Manufacturers of pharmaceuticals, medical devices, and other blood products were moving overseas, taking with them high paying, highly skilled manufacturing jobs. Part of the reason for this is the current inability of the FDA to quickly turn around products submitted to them for approval. The other part of the equation, however, is the export provisions that were put into the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act in 1986.  The goal of those amendments were simple. They attempted to open the door to the export of drugs to our trading partners overseas. Unfortunately, this has not been the case. The regulated industries have made very clear to me that these provisions are strangling their ability to compete, and this is causing an alarming increase of medical manufactures moving overseas. The compromise language included in the bill before us today, H.R. 3019, seeks to change this pattern.   Senators Hatch, Kennedy, and Gregg,  Chairman Bliley,  Ranking Member Dingell, and myself, along with the FDA, worked on the language included in this bill. We worked to reconcile the differing language passed by the respective chambers included in the omnibus funding bill for fiscal year 1996. There is broad agreement on what the language in the bill means. I would like to discuss some of the ideas in the bill where there may be some misunderstanding in the future.  It is very clear that the majority of the Members believe that the export provisions are a trade issue first and foremost. Restrictions on trade often mean the loss of jobs right here in the United States. However, Senator Kennedy  voiced a number of concerns with H.R. 1300, and its companion bill, S. 593. His major objection, as I understand it, was that the FDA would not have any control at all over the exporting of drugs and devices. With those objections in mind, the mini-conference set out to mete out a compromise.  The FD&C Act, under this amendment, is altered to make it easier to export drugs and devices, as I have said before. It is also amended to make it generally easier to import unapproved subassemblies of these medical products, for the manufacture and export of finished products. This is very important.  The plain meaning of amendments to section 801(e) of the FD&C Act as it relates to imports is that no subassembly which is brought into this country solely for the purpose of manufacturing products to be exported would be restricted, as long as the company keeps records of the imported product, and destroys any of the imported subassemblies that are not to be used for the manufacture of exported products. Furthermore, the importation of blood components, source plasma, or source leukocytes is permitted as long as the company importing these products follows the guidelines in Section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, or if the Secretary has set up appropriate guidelines for the importation of these products. It is my understanding that there are companies in the United States that process these products for other countries, and this provision is meant to allow this to continue.  The addition of new provisions in section 801(f)(1) and (2) have also raised some issues within the drug and device community, and I would like to address these concerns. This amendment is designed to allow the export of FDA-approved drugs and over-the-counter [OTC] products with labels that may differ from the labels approved in the United States. As all of the conferees are aware, the FDA approves not only the molecular entity that makes up the OTC, branded and generic products, but it also approves the label with indications and contraindications for usage. Traditionally, the FDA has taken the approval process for products which need approval under section 505 of the FD&C Act to mean that this includes the label, and have therefore read section 801(e) as meaning that the product must be labeled in accordance with U.S. law.  Furthermore, the language included in 802(b)(1)(A) has been reviewed by the FDA, which has given us complete assurance that this law will apply to the export of all OTC and prescription drugs, as long as the drugs are legally marketable in one of the countries mentioned in 802(b)(1)(A), subsections (i) and (ii). This legislation does not require drugs to receive affirmative marketing approval if the laws of one of the countries mentioned in the bill do not require it.  The framers of section 801(f)(1) and (2) mean this section to allow the export of FDA approved products, which are not approved in a country mentioned in 802(b)(1)(A)(i) and (ii), to be exported directly to a country with a label required by that country. With the importing country's label, the product being shipped will not be regarded as misbranded or unapproved, specifically in respect to section 505 of the FD&C Act. Section 801(e)(1) of the FD&C Act states that ``a food, drug, device, or cosmetic intended for export shall not be deemed to be adulterated or misbranded under this Act--''. Clearly, the framers of the amendments included in H.R. 3019 mean section (f)(1) and (2) to follow the language in 801(e)(1) and allow for the export of products from the United States with a label which accords to the specifications of the foreign manufacturer without becoming misbranded. Furthermore, it is definitely the intention of the framers of this amendment that section 801 and 802 are not additive. In other words, products being exported under 802 do not have to meet the requirements of 801, with the exception of 801(e)(1), subsection A through D.  The framers did not intend to limit or otherwise restrict the export of animal drugs, insulin, or antibiotics. It is my understanding that there is a possibility that 801(f) (1) and (2) can be read to limit the export of these products, and that was certainly not the intent of this Member, or other Members of this conference. It is my hope that the FDA will accommodate the concerns voiced on this section for these products. Before the end of this Congress, I have been told by the Commerce Committee that we will address this issue in a technical amendment.  I would also like to address the section dealing with products for the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of a disease which is not of significant prevalence in the United States Section 802(e)(1) is clearly meant to be another avenue by which companies, can exportproducts. Products exported under this section need not meet the requirements of section 801.  Devices were also of major concern to the conferees. Devices were specifically not included in 802(b)(2), because the current FDA practice of allowing for the export of devices that have an approved IDE is acceptable to the conferees. It is important to note here that this section has to do only with drugs not approved in the United States, or in one of the countries mentioned in 802(b)(1)(A), subsections, (i) and (ii). As I understand the current procedure, devices can be shipped after being reviewed by the FDA to other nations if they have an IDE and not a general approval.  Last, I would like to address section 802(f)(5). Again, these are labeling requirements for exporting products approved in the so-called tier one countries mentioned in 802(b)(1)(A), subsections (i) and (ii) to countries not mentioned in that section. It is most certainly the understanding of the conferees that this section is to be interpreted as written only for those counties which are not tier one countries. Furthermore, it is the intention of the conferees that this section requires the Secretary to consult with the appropriate health official before making a finding which might necessitate the stopping of exporting these products.  I am sure that we will revisit this issue in the future. Frankly, if it were up to me, there would be almost no restrictions on the export of medical products to nations which allow them for sale. In my mind, the job of the FDA is to protect the health and safety of the United States, and it is not to play health product policeman to the rest of the world. If a product is manufactured in accordance with the requirements and specifications of a foreign government, then I believe that it is insane for this country to deny the opportunity to manufacture this product here. No other nation on the face of this earth restricts the manufacture of medical products for export, because they know the value of these manufacturing jobs. While I believe that this is a true compromise, and it is, I also believe that we can and should do more to liberalize the treatment of trade in health products.  It's about time we begin again to export products--not jobs.  