Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to each and every firefighter and citizen whose dedication to our communities and families of Southern California again demonstrated exceptional spirit and strength in a time of disaster. Our nation is fortunate to have dedicated citizens who willingly and unselfishly give their time and talent and make their communities a better place to live and work. Our firefighters confronted the unprecedented fires which swept through our region with unwavering courage. They exemplify community leadership. I was fortunate enough to accompany President Bush yesterday as he thanked these spirited public servants and talked to the victims and survivors of the Southern California fires.  Without the dedication and tireless passion of our Firefighters and public servants there would have been even more extensive destruction of property and devastation of lives above and beyond the 3,300 homes and 4,000 other structures destroyed and hundreds of thousands of acres burned. Our Firefighters fought and finally brought under control these devastating wildfires and continue in aiding the victims left homeless in the wake of the destruction.  I know I speak for all the people from California's 44th district when I say that our thoughts and prayers have been with the firefighters as they worked vigorously to contain and control the wildfires. Laboring day and night in extreme conditions, the firefighters that responded to the Southern California wildfires will always have our nation's respect for their dedication to their profession. There is no better example for Americans than those who stare down adversity and meet every challenge with true conviction, just as the firefighters have done during this very difficult time.  While the firefighter worked tirelessly on the front lines of the fires, the support personnel that were tasked with an overwhelming job of reconstruction and recovery are equally honored for their efforts. Often it is the aftermath of a crisis that brings the most arduous challenges. The dedicated public servants that have come to the aid of their victims of the Southern California wildfires are to be commended for their ongoing contributions. Law enforcement, medical personnel, emergency responders, and community leaders have all come together to complete a daunting task; recovering from the loss of loved ones and property, and rebuilding in the aftermath.  I am proud to cosponsor H. Res. 425, recognizing and honoring the firefighters and public servants who responded to the October 2003 Southern California wildfires. I am sincerely grateful for the leadership and sacrifice firefighters and their families endure in order to secure property and protect our lives. As a native Southern Californian I know that our communities will persevere through this tragedy and successfully rebuild our beloved homes and families. We all stand ready to help in any way I can.  