Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to J. Stephen Horn, a former Member of Congress who faithfully served this institution for ten years. Today the House of Representatives is honoring his contributions to his community, his state and his country by naming a post office located in Signal Hill, California after him.  Steve had led an exceptionally distinguished life beginning with his graduation from Stanford University in 1953. He then went directly to graduate school and earned his M.P.A. from Harvard University in 1955 and yet that was not quite enough for him. He went back to Stanford and received his Ph.D. in 1958. During this same period of time, from 1954 to 1962, he was a member of the United States Army, honorably serving his country for eight years.  Steve began his career in politics as an assistant to the Secretary of Labor in 1959. In 1960, he served as a legislative assistant to Senator Thomas H. Kuchel for six years. He then went to work for the Brookings Institute as a senior fellow until 1969.  His career then took a turn away from politics and towards education as he became an administrator for American University and then became President of California State University, Long Beach in 1970. In 1993, he was elected to the United States House of Representatives and served for ten years.  Steve's career in Congress is marked by his tenure on the Government Reform committee and his dedication to the operational security of governmental agencies. He also focused on the constant improvement of information technology.  Steve Horn has also been a member of numerous organizations including the United States Commission on Civil Rights; the advisory board for the National Institute of Corrections; the California Republican League; and the California Educational Facility Authority.  Some would say that Steve was destined to make his mark in public affairs from an early age. In 1948, as a high school senior, Steve interned at both the Republican and Democratic National Conventions that were both held in Philadelphia. In 2000, Steve went full circle by attending the GOP Convention in Philadelphia as a Congressman and member of the California delegation.  Today's dedication is a culmination of gratitude for the work of Stephen Horn. His tireless passion for public service and volunteerism is part of what makes the history of this institution the place that it is today; a place of honor, debate, sacrifice, duty and justice. Stephen Horn embodies these qualities and I congratulate him as we dedicate this post office in his name.  