It was perfected in close consultation with Senator Boxer because of the importance of this matter to Senator Boxer's California constituents.  As all of our colleagues know, during the California energy crisis a number of regions of this country have tried to assist. In the Pacific Northwest we believe we have been more than a good neighbor. Bonneville Power and other governmental agencies up and down the west coast have repeatedly shifted power to California to help out at critical times.  Various California public officials have thanked profusely the Bonneville Power Administration and others for helping California avoid blackouts, help that was a real hardship for many in the Pacific Northwest because we have had a tough year, a low-water year. A variety of concerns were very much on the mind of those whom Senator Smith and I represent.  To give an idea of how appreciative California public officials have been, I will read a letter Senator Feinstein wrote to Bonneville Power Administration recently.  It reads:       Dear Mr. Wright: I am writing to express my gratitude to      Bonneville Power Administration for selling power to      California yesterday.       Yesterday my State nearly had an energy catastrophe. In a      meeting at my office yesterday to discuss California's energy      situation with Governor Davis, Secretary Richardson from the      Department of Energy, and Federal Energy Regulatory      Commission Chairman Hoecker, calls came into my office that      within the hour, a rolling blackout could hit California and      that the California Independent System Operator (ISO) would      not be able to purchase the power necessary to ``keep the      lights on.''       Twelve energy generators, marketers and utilities, mostly      located outside of California, contacted the California ISO      yesterday and indicated their reluctance to sell electricity      into California without letters of credit from California's      investor owned utilities, who they feared would not be able      to pay for this power because of their economic      circumstances.       I am very grateful for BPA's cooperation! THANK YOU!  