President, a few minutes ago the Senate voted on an Endangered Species Act amendment with special impact for farmers and rural people in my home State. I voted against the motion to table with great reluctance and wanted to take just a couple minutes to explain my vote this afternoon.  I think it is dangerous to legislate biological opinions about species without the opportunity to thoughtfully review the effects of such a far-reaching amendment. I think it is just as dangerous to force our citizens in rural communities into dire circumstances when a law that has accomplished many good things contains serious administrative flaws that are producing an increasing number of bad things.  It was my intent, if the Endangered Species Act amendment had not been tabled, to offer a second-degree amendment to it. My amendment would have allowed the Senate to pick up on the very generous offer made by Chairman Jeffords to try to get this job done right.  My amendment would have sought to try to address the problems in the Klamath Basin in a comprehensive way, in a fashion that would have helped farmers produce water conservation and improve water quality and, at the same time, would have protected species.  I think it is very clear that the challenge with the Endangered Species Act is to bring folks together. The challenge is to get everybody at the table--all of the stakeholders; farmers, environmental leaders, scientists, and others--to try to come up with ways that keep the important protections of the Endangered Species Act and, at the same time, encourage the administrative flexibility so we can have more homegrown solutions.  I am absolutely convinced that the objectives of the Endangered Species Act make a lot of sense. But what you do in the Klamath Basin has to be different than what you do in the Bronx. And what you do in Detroit to protect a species is different than the challenge in Coos Bay, OR.  I look forward very much to picking up on the generous offer of Chairman Jeffords to work with our colleagues, on a bipartisan basis, to find comprehensive solutions to this Endangered Species Act challenge.  As I say, I voted against the motion to table today with great reluctance. I am very anxious to work with our colleagues, on a bipartisan basis, for a more comprehensive solution.  Mr. President, I appreciate the Senate, on a hectic day, giving me a few minutes this afternoon to explain my vote. I yield back and suggest the absence of a quorum.  