President, as the Senate sponsor of the Internet tax freedom bill, I appreciate a chance to set the record straight about exactly what this law is.  For example, it is continually cited that the Internet tax freedom law creates a kind of Cayman Islands for the Internet, where you can't collect taxes. That is not right. The only thing the Internet tax freedom law does is it bans discriminatory taxes. You can tax the Internet; you just must do to the offline world what you do to the online world. That is No. 1.  No. 2, not a single jurisdiction in this country--not even one--has been able to show any evidence that they have been hurt by their inability to impose discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce. We are constantly told by the mayors and Governors in some jurisdictions that they have been hurt. We have repeatedly asked for the evidence, and there has been none forthcoming.  I have made it clear that I am very anxious to work with the mayors and Governors on this issue. I was not aware there was going to be an effort to extend the moratorium today for just a few months, because we have had these negotiations now for 18 months in an effort to try to bring the parties together. I want to make it clear that I am anxious to continue those negotiations.  No. 3, there is absolutely nothing in current law that prohibits States and localities from collecting revenue that is owed to them. There is nothing in the Internet Tax Freedom Act that bars them from doing that. I just hope that as we make this effort to bring together technology companies, States, localities, and the mayors, we can recognize that it is possible today under current law to collect all taxes owed. The reason it is not done is, A, the technology doesn't exist to do it in a fashion that would not burden business and, B, a lot of the mayors and Governors don't want the political heat associated with collecting those taxes. Probably most illustrative of this point is what former Governor Celucci of Massachusetts, now Ambassador to Canada, said: Look, I am not going to put people on the border of Massachusetts to chase people down comingfrom New Hampshire. I am not going to have that kind of chaos on my hands.  I hope we will continue this effort to try to bring the parties together in a constructive fashion. I wasn't aware there was going to be an effort today by unanimous consent to deal with this issue. I want to make it clear that I am anxious to work with all of the parties who have been involved in this issue. But there is absolutely nothing in the Internet tax freedom law that creates a Cayman Islands with respect to the Internet, No. 1; and, No. 2, there isn't anything that keeps States and localities from collecting taxes that are now owed; the reason it is not done is technology and politics. I hope, working cooperatively together, as we have sought to do for 18 months, it will be possible to do that.  Senator McCain and I have introduced a bill that would bar discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce for 2 years. We introduced that legislation several weeks ago. It is virtually identical to what the House passed this week. I hope we can work from that. I want colleagues to know that before we come to the floor, we will be consulting with all the parties, and we will make an effort to bring people together on that.  