President, I thank my colleague, Chairman Hollings, for accepting the amendment I sponsored to provide funding to aid Oregon groundfish fishers and their families. I also want to thank Chairman Hollings for providing this opportunity to clarify, for the record, how the money provided by this amendment should be spent.  This amendment provides $2,000,000 in additional National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration funds for Cooperative Research on West Coast groundfish. It also provides $3,000,000 in additional NOAA funds for emergency assistance for the Oregon groundfish fishers suffering from the groundfish fishery disaster resulting in more than 40 percent drop in income since 1995.  The $2,000,000 for cooperative research surveys will be used by the National Marine Fisheries Service to put currently out-of-work groundfish fishing vessels and their owners to work doing annual groundfish data collections. In Oregon, and along with the West Coast, the National Marine Fisheries Service sets harvest regulations regarding 83 species of groundfish but collects data on only 16 species. They do so every three years instead of annually, as they do in many other fisheries. This funding for annual surveys means jobs for displaced fishers and reliable economical and educated labor for an agency that claims it can't do its work because it doesn't have enough money or manpower. It also means better fisheries data, which should yield better fisheries management and benefit the environment and local fishers.  The $3,000,000 for economic assistance is provided for fishers impacted by the loss of the August court case in which the Natural Resources Defense Council sued NMFS and won because NMFS used 15-year-old data to set groundfish harvest levels. Allowable harvests have been cut by an average of 64 percent over the past five years, and for some species it has been cut by 90 percent. This court order will result in further catch reductions. These folks are on the ropes; if they can't fish, they can't pay their bills. They need some help while they figure out what to do next as almost 3,000 of them try to transition into other lines of work. This assistance money should be used for single, lump sum payments to vessel owners who are suffering from these financial losses. The precedent for this type of payment can be found in the Hawaii longline fishery where fishers received $3,000,000 of emergency assistance through the Secretary of Commerce in FY 2001 after the courts shut down their swordfish and tuna fisheries.  