President, every day the Secretary of the Interior makes decisions that directly affect the quality of life in the West. This Department manages almost 500 million acres of public lands, and the debates that westerners have about the management of these lands are not for the fainthearted. To the people I represent, controversies about spotted owls, raging forest fires and mining waste are not intellectual abstractions. Almost invariably, discussions about these issues divide into two camps, with the environmental community on one side, and the affected industries on the other. Finding common ground between these two camps is extraordinarily difficult, but it is the premier challenge in the natural resources field.  Today--and I say this with reluctance--I rise to state that I will be voting no on this nomination. I still have reservations about the nominee's commitment to make, as the central focus of her office, the bringing together of these two camps, the environmental community and the affected industries, to find common ground. America wants and deserves this because it is the common ground where we can protect our treasures and be sensitive to local economic needs.  First, I do not necessarily share the views of those who believe that Gale Norton will throw open the doors at Interior, invite in powerful interest groups and say: Feel free to plunder our natural treasures and resources. In her testimony before the committee, Ms. Norton committed to not just enforce the Federal environmental laws as written but also as interpreted by the courts. In my opinion, she significantly changed her previous position on the Endangered Species Act, the so-called right to pollute, and global warming science.  The Gale Norton who testified this month before the Senate is certainly no James Watt, but at this unique time in our history, that distinction alone is not enough to warrant confirmation.  My reservations about this nominee fall into two major areas. First, Ms. Norton's desire to provide flexibility to private parties and the States to comply with our environmental laws has not been accompanied by a demonstrated commitment to watchdog those companies and the States to ensure that our national treasures are not exploited.  Ms. Norton is right--what works for the Bronx does not necessarily work for Prineville, Oregon. One size does not fit all. But her demonstrated record suggests that she did not come down with hobnail boots on private parties who abuse our national treasures in the name of exercising flexibility.  Look at what happened at Summitville in Colorado where a vast amount of cyanide spilled into the Alamosa River. Colorado was supposed to supervise that mine. It was the State's job and the State didn't do it.  When I asked Ms. Norton at the confirmation hearings how she would prevent future ``Summitvilles,'' she was unwilling to say that the key to preventing these environmental tragedies is leadership that steps in when private parties go over the line. After Summitville, Ms. Norton could have immediately pushed to extend the statute of limitations on environmental crimes, which would have allowed criminal prosecution in that case. But she didn't, and respected Colorado commentators took her to task for not doing so.  In another case involving heavy metal pollution at the Asarco plant in the Globeville neighborhood of Denver, Ms. Norton said she couldn't move quickly and aggressively because she could act only on referrals from the State health department. Every U.S. State senator knows that a State attorney general has more power than that. The State attorney general has the power to call in the officials from State agencies that are not doing their job and tell them to get on the stick and protect the public and the environment. Ms. Norton could have even taken her concerns about the State health department dragging its feet to the public, but she didn't. That absence of leadership led to a settlement from her agency that was so inadequate that a private citizens lawsuit recovered significantly more damages than Ms. Norton did.  The Secretary of the Interior has wide latitude under the law as to who gets the land for leases or how the land will be handled under those leases. The Secretary of the Interior has the right to say we will lease this land for oil and gas, but we will not lease this land for coal exploration or we will not lease it at all or we will lease it with the following requirements to protect the environment. For example, many new oil and gas leases require the lessee to take the special precautions to protect wildlife on public lands. By Secretarial order, Ms. Norton could direct the Bureau of Land Management to weaken protective requirements enclosed in oil and gas leases, and at the same time significantly harm the environment. The fact is, the power of this office could allow virtually any private interest to build in one of our national treasures. In addition, through this office, the Secretary of the Interior can do much to deep six the prosecution of egregious environmental disasters. The reality here is: whether lawyers for the Interior Department are handling a case or the Justice Department is handling it, the Secretary of the Interior will be consulted just as any client is consulted by a lawyer about important appeals. Should there be an appeal at all? What kind of settlement would be appropriate? Is this offer satisfactory? Given Ms. Norton's record, the evidence does not demonstrate that she will be tough with polluters. The fact is, as you try to find the common ground between the environmental community and the affected industries, when one of those parties goes over the line, you do have to have a Secretary of the Interior who is willing to be tough about using the enforcement capabilities of the office.  Finally, I am concerned about Ms. Norton's interest and willingness to do the heavy lifting, to bring parties together, to find creative solutions to vexing environmental problems.  I am proud to have been able to work with the Senator from Idaho, Mr. Craig, in an effort that was successful in the last session to resolve the question of how you pay for schools and roads in rural communities that have historically been tied to the harvest of timber. When Senator Craig and I started that effort, the two sides were 180 degrees apart, and virtually no one thought we could bring them together. But with good will and rolling up our sleeves, we were able to do it.  When Ms. Norton was kind enough to come visit me at my office, I asked her to bring to the committee specific examples of how she would try similar efforts on other longstanding conflicts, such as the Endangered Species Act. I thought for a long time that it was extremely important to relieve some of the redtape and bureaucratic requirements on small private landowners, for example, under the Endangered Species Act, and I believe that can be done without destroying the mission of that critical statute. That would be the kind of thing that I would like to see the Secretary of the Interior take on and bring together these rival camps in an effort to find common ground.  But she didn't give us those examples at the hearing that was scheduled. I asked--not just when she came to the office, but at the hearing--for specifics where she might work to try these common ground efforts that are so important, but none were furnished.  So I will be a reluctant vote on Ms. Norton. I strongly hope that her record proves me wrong. As I stated in the committee, it would not be the first time, nor the last time, that that was the case. I hope Ms. Norton goes on to lead the Interior Department and that she will, in fact, look for specific ways to do what the President of the United States is asking us in natural resources and other areas, and that is to unite, not divide. On that important objective articulately stated by the President of the United States, Ms. Norton will always have my assistance.  I yield the floor.  