I will make a couple of additional arguments on my time. I know colleagues want to speak, and I certainly want to give them the opportunity.  Today as we listen to this discussion, perhaps the central argument that has been advanced by some, that the amendment Senator Smith and I offer is unwise, is the argument that somehow what we are going to do is force California utilities into bankruptcy. I will take just a minute to say why I don't think that is the case and, in fact, why I think our legislation is an incentive to bring about the kinds of negotiations that everybody on the west coast would like to see.  As our colleagues know, there is an effort underway in California to look at a comprehensive solution which presumably would involve repaying in full everyone who is owed money for sending power to California. That is about $12 billion in total. This amendment involves a few hundred million dollars owed under the emergency order plus debt owed to government agencies. The total, of course, is only a fraction of what is owed by California.  The question that is central is, How is it possible that California can go out and work on a deal to pay $12 billion in full but ensuring repayment of several hundred million dollars, as Senator Smith and I are calling for, is going to force California utilities into bankruptcy?  I want to come back to this one last point before yielding, regarding the effort that Senator Smith and I are pursuing. As I touched on earlier, this comprehensive approach to repaying those who are owed money under discussion in California involves about $12 billion in total. It just seemed to me to not be credible to say that California can work out a deal to pay $12 billion in full, but somehow ensuring repayment of several hundred million dollars is going to force the California utilities into bankruptcy.  My view is that other creditors truly believe they are going to be fully repaid under this $12 billion comprehensive solution. They would not risk forcing California utilities into bankruptcy. Other creditors will only be concerned about our amendment if, in fact, they don't think there is enough money to pay everybody back.  The amendment requires that Bonneville Power and other governmental agencies be repaid so that ratepayers and taxpayers don't end up holding the bag if these for-profit California utilities go into bankruptcy to avoid their debts. It does not--I repeat this--put these government agencies at the head of the line. It only keeps their current place in line to ensure that they would be repaid at some point.  All of us in this discussion are hopeful that there is not going to be a bankruptcy proceeding. I am prepared to work as one Senator--and I know Senator Smith is as well--with our California colleagues to put in place a comprehensive agreement so that this amendment does not come into play.  I see my colleague from the State of California on the floor. I want to repeat that again. I am prepared to work with her, as I sought to do for several weeks now, to make sure that California can have every opportunity to put in place a comprehensive agreement so that this particular amendment never comes into play. But if that doesn't happen, and if there is a bankruptcy filing, and there isn't enough money to pay back everybody, then it seems to me that the people's power--the power that belongs to these public entities deserves an opportunity to get a fair shake in a chapter 11 proceeding so that our constituents are not shellacked as part of an effort to be good neighbors.  I yield the floor at this time.  