President, I rise tonight to discuss my opposition to the nomination of J. Steven Griles as Deputy Secretary of the Department of the Interior. In my view, Mr. Griles' past record and recent statements, both public and private, indicate he is lacking the single most important quality needed for this key position; that is, the ability to bring people together despite very disparate and differing views on natural resources issues.  We have learned in the West--and I see my good friend Senator Craig from Idaho. He and I, again and again, sat in hearings in the forestry subcommittee, and we have seen how difficult these natural resources issues are. I am proud we have come together on issues such as the county payments bill which the Forest Service said was the most important law in the last 30 years, and Senator Craig and I teamed up to get that law passed because we recognized how important it was to bring people together.  What has troubled me about Mr. Griles' past record--and I will discuss that--and his recent statements, both public and private, is that record indicates he really isn't much interested in the kind of work that Senator Craig and I have spent many years pursuing.  One of the things that struck me earlier this year was that Mr. Griles told the Washington Post, in effect, that he had changed. He said he had matured, he had learned from his past experience. When I read about these statements, I was very encouraged. I don't oppose people on philosophical grounds; I don't think that is right. I read these statements and I got the distinct impression that Mr. Griles was going to work to be more inclusive, collaborative, and more creative in looking at the difficult natural resources issues.  He said he was going to be a problem solver who would try to listen to all the parties involved and try to take a balanced approach to any and all issues.  Again, I was encouraged by these comments. Mr. Griles came to my office. I told him about my concerns about his past record, and given his statements I was hoping he had, in fact, changed, and if he would give me some examples. He really didn't have any that day. I said: I will ask you about this when you come for your confirmation hearing.  When he came for his confirmation hearing, he was not any more forthcoming. I said after the hearing my door would still be open to him and that I hoped he would give me some examples in areas such as the Endangered Species Act that require so much cooperation, that he would come forward with some specific ideas. He has not. He has not been willing on three separate occasions to show some evidence that he would take a more collaborative, inclusive approach, and that he would be more balanced in his approach to natural resources issues.  My concern is that as of now the record indicates the J. Steven Griles of the past is going to be back in action after the Senate confirms him.  I will talk for a few minutes about that Jay Steven Griles' track record over 20 years. Over 20 years, again and again, he has placed the interests of powerful special interests above the public. This includes the support for environmentally unsound drilling for oil off the coast of California and looking the other way when powerful corporations were fined for breaking the environmental laws.  It is one thing to try to figure out ways to ensure compliance with the environmental laws; however, it is another thing to not follow through when these powerful interests have actually been fined for violating the law.  I was troubled about those past positions. I told Mr. Griles about that. It is certainly his right to hold those views. I have not made it a habit of opposing candidates with whom I differ on substantive issues. Given those past positions, given his public statements and his private statements to me that, in fact, he was going to change, it is troubling we have not seen any evidence of it.  His record is important. I will give a few examples of that record.  During his service with the Reagan administration, Mr. Griles is reported to have single-mindedly pushed for an oil lease sale off the coast of California, despite objections from his own Fish and Wildlife Service biologists. In 1988, he wrote a memo to the Assistant Secretary advising him to change the tone and conclusions of a Fish and Wildlife Service report citing the specific environmental damage that could be caused by a proposed northern California offshore oil lease. Mr. Griles concluded that memo by stating:       The memorandum is part of the public record and could prove      very damaging to this lease sale.  The subsequent final report on the sale, from Fish and Wildlife, did not refer to any potential environmental harm that could result from the lease sale. Within the year, as Americans know, the Exxon Valdez disaster occurred and, by 1990, the first President Bush declared a moratorium on offshore oil leases, so this lease sale was never completed. But it is certainly troubling to me that Mr. Griles wanted Federal researchers not to report accurate conclusions but to prop up a decision, regardless of the environmental facts.  This, in my view, would have been an ideal issue that Mr. Griles could have raised with me and with colleagues and said: Look, there are a variety of ways that I treat these oil sales differently now, having learned from some of the controversy in the past. Yet he was unwilling to say that or anything resembling that.  He has also, as far as the public report, indicated that he has no interest in cracking down on the illegal behavior of polluters and special interests. Of course, that would be a task that he would be expected to perform in this position.  Between 1984 and 1987, the House of Representatives reviewed, for example, the internal workings in the Office of Surface Mining. They found that, under his leadership, this office collected only $6.8 million of an estimated $200 million due in civil penalties for those who broke the environmental laws.  Again, I have tried to single out just the areas of the record that concern me the most. There is not a Member of the Senate who is in favor of breaking the environmental laws. Yet this was an instance where there were violations and they were not followed up. I think that is troubling and, in fact, in successive years the percentage of collection of the civil penalties that were owed continued to go down.  I am concerned about the past public record, but I would not be here making the statement that I am tonight if Mr. Griles had said: Look, all of us change and here are some approaches that I would take in the days ahead to ensure that we could do the kind of work that Senator Craig--I see my friend Senator Burns here as well--that the three of us have sought to do.  These natural resources issues are extraordinarily difficult. The American people want what I call the win-win. They want to protect our treasures and at the same time they want to be sensitive to local economic needs. It is a lot easier said than done. But Senator Craig and Senator Burns and I have teamed up to do just that.  I had been hoping that Mr. Griles would offer some specifics, given that he said he had changed, and would indicate he would want to do the kind of bipartisan work that we Westerners have done on some of these particularly contentious issues. Unfortunately, on three separate occasions, in both public and private, Mr. Griles was unwilling to back up his public statements about how he had changed, how he would take a more collaborative approach. So tonight I want to make clear I am opposed to the nomination of J. Steven Griles to be Deputy Secretary of the Department of the Interior. My questions have not been answered. My reservations about the nominee's commitment to finding common ground have not been resolved.  I tell my colleagues, I do not think we can get on top of these natural resources issues without a collaborative approach. Mr. Griles has said he is in favor of it but has not offered any evidence that he will actually do it. With that, I yield the floor.  