President, a key principle of economic competition today is that one big merger begets another. Known as copycat mergers, these deals are made when the companies that did not merge first felt forced to copy the initial merger. If those left behind do not merge, then they just can't keep up with the Joneses.  This morning, I am going to focus for a few minutes on competition in the airline industry. I want to begin by saying that when it comes to copycat airline mergers, this country has reached the point where there are virtually no more cats.  This weekend, Americans opened their newspapers to learn that Delta Airlines, the nation's third largest carrier, and Continental, have begun merger discussions. The Associated Press says that Delta and Continental don't even really want to merge. But you guessed it--they say other major airline mergers might drive them to it.  The latest round of airline merger reports comes on the heels of the proposed United-U.S. Airways merger and American's proposed deals with TWA and United.  In my opinion, if nothing is done in the face of these proposed airline mergers, our country is headed down a runway of no return. If this lineup of mergers takes off, it will destroy the last remnants of competition in the airline history.  The trend toward concentration in the airline industry did not begin in the last few weeks. More than 20 consecutive airline mergers were approved in the 1980s.  I believe much of the problem we are seeing today stems from that huge array of airline mergers that took place in the 1980s. In fact, I think the merger between TWA and Ozark sets in motion the trend that began in the 1980s. I come to the floor this morning to say I believe it is time to change course.  The central problem stems from the fact that the major proponents of deregulation have not been willing to simultaneously and vigorously enforce the antitrust laws. As a result, our country gets the worst of both worlds: dominant companies with a choke hold on the market, and nobody setting rules to make sure they don't runroughshod over the American consumer--the flying public.  The Justice Department, which has been run by officials from both political parties since concentration in the airline industry accelerated, has not fully utilized the antitrust tools at its disposal. As a result, I want to make a proposal this morning: Before the Justice Department clears one more major airline merger, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) should have to make a public report demonstrating that the merger will not have negative long-term implications for consumers and the economy. The FTC should dig in, hold public hearings to examine these deals, and get to the bottom of the long-term consequences of these airline mergers. It is time to make sure that these mergers don't strand any more airline passengers with too few choices and too many headaches.  The real question is: Is competition in the airline industry working today? In my view, there certainly aren't enough competitive forces in the airline industry to force companies to compete now to improve service.  Actually, some of our constituents report to us that they are left out on the runway for hours with a glass of water. Is it any wonder consumer complaints are at record high levels and some fliers call the departure board at our airports the ``delay board''? I think not. I think those problems stem from the lack of competition we are seeing in the airline sector today. This Congress should not stand idly by while a chain reaction of mega-mergers squeezes out whatever competitive juices remain in the airline industry. As I make my proposal for airline mergers this morning, I want to make clear that I am not one who believes that all the mergers taking place in America are bad. Many of the mergers our country is watching have not only not been harmful, they have been beneficial. They have resulted in more efficient companies that ultimately benefit consumers with better service and lower prices.  When it comes to the big airlines, it doesn't look like that's the case. These airline mergers seem to permanently reduce competition. So I believe it's time for Congress and the executive branch to take a time out on airline mergers and assess the long term implications of where the airline industry is headed. The shape of the airline industry created today is one America will have to live with for a long time, and we ought to know what we are getting into. Competition in the airline industry is too important to too many people, who fly to conduct their business and their personal affairs.  Slowing up this airline merger frenzy to look at the long-term consequences, as I propose this morning, is a modest step that the U.S. Congress ought to take now.  I yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  