 As all of us now understand, the communications infrastructure in New York, Washington, DC, and indeed the whole country, was severely challenged that day. Wireless telephone networks were severely overloaded and crashed. Wireless Internet access was suspended. Telephone lines were cut, and communications for people literally in communities around the east coast of the United States came to a standstill. Even the immediate communication needs of rescue workers, victims, families, and aid groups were a huge struggle to coordinate. Survivors often couldn't let family members know they were safe, and families of victims had no immediate central clearinghouse to find information or file missing person reports.  The hospitals were inundated with searches, requests for help, and offers of aid but with no way to match them to each other. Even some of this country's premier aid organizations that have done such a marvelous job helping rescue workers, survivors, and victims' families faced immediate and severe challenges with respect to information technology infrastructure. The New York Times drew a conclusion with which I strongly agree. They said: There needs to be new ways to set up emergency information systems.  That is what I would like to propose this morning. It seems to me that what this country needs is essentially a technology equivalent of the National Guard, an emergency technology guard--I have been calling it in my mind Net Guard, or a national emergency technology guard--that in times of crisis would be in a position to mobilize the Nation's information technology, or IT, community to action quickly, just as the National Guard is ready to move during emergencies.  It seems to me that in our leading technology companies in this Nation there are the brains and the equipment to put in place net guard, or this information technology guard, that could be deployed in communities across the Nation when we face tragedies such as we saw in New York City.  A national volunteer organization of trained and well-coordinated units of information technology professionals from our leading technology companies ought to be in a position to stand at ready with the designated computer equipment, satellite dishes, wireless communicators, and other equipment to quickly recreate and repair compromised communications and technology infrastructure.  With congressional support, the leaders of our Nation's technology companies could organize themselves, sell their employees and their resource for this purpose. Medium- and small-sized businesses would be able to contribute once a national framework is put in place. Certainly the resources from the standpoint of the Federal level need not be extensive. Individuals could be designated from existing human resource programs of major and medium-sized firms and the technology professionals would be trained to perform specific tasks in the event of an emergency.  I intend to use the subcommittee that I chair of the full Commerce Committee that is chaired by Senator Hollings to initiate a dialog among congressional, corporate, military, and nonprofit leaders to begin a new effort to mobilize information technology in times of crises.  As we seek to prevent future disasters, I believe that the technology professionals of this Nation in many of our leading companies--as most Americans--want to use their skills, their equipment, and their talents to answer this call and do their part.  I propose with a national emergency technology guard--what I call tech guard--that we give to the leading information technology professionals in this country a chance to use their ingenuity and creativity to ensure that there is greater safety and stability for our communities and our citizens in the coming days.  I yield the floor.  