President, I reclaim my time briefly to make a few additional points on the matter of the California utilities and the Pacific Northwest getting repaid for the funds it sent California during their period of critical blackouts and other problems this winter.  I agree completely with those Senators who have spoken tonight, that it is in everyone's interest to come up with an approach that avoids bankruptcy. I think that is an area of widespread agreement. Senator Smith and I repeatedly have said to Senator Feinstein and others who have had reservations about our approach that we would be open to a wide variety of avenues in order to make sure our constituents get a fair shake and are repaid.  For example, I would be happy this evening, or at another appropriate time before the vote, to accept a perfecting amendment that would give California a reasonable period of time to perfect this comprehensive approach that they are pursuing in order to make sure everyone is paid off. I think that is very reasonable, and I want to make it clear that Senator Smith and I have talked about that in discussions with various utilities, and a couple that oppose it. We made it clear we are open to giving California a reasonable period of time to put their agreement together.  But, in effect, what these California utilities have said is that it is basically our way or the highway. That just doesn't pass the smell test in the Pacific Northwest and with these public entities that are having so much difficulty paying their bills. I wish just a few of those thank-you letters we got from California public officials had been accompanied by checks because the fact is that all over the State we are getting and have gotten these letters from California public officials thanking us, and now tonight we are hearing that we will be repaid for our good deeds by being told that we can't even get a fair shake in a bankruptcy proceeding.  So this is unprecedented, Mr. President. There is no question about that. I am happy to yield to my colleague in a second because she has said, correctly so, that this is an unprecedented situation. But what I believe is unprecedented is that after State officials have botched the job, they would have the hutzpah to say to my constituents, just trust us; we hope everything works out.  I am happy to yield to my colleague from California.  