President, just over 2 weeks ago I came to this floor and talked about the 20-year history of aviation security. I did so for a simple reason. There has been a very clear pattern on this issue over the last 20 years. Again and again there has been a tragedy in the sky. Again and again there has been widespread public outrage. Again and again there has been widespread agreement on what needs to be done to improve aviation security. Again and again the real reforms weren't implemented because of political infighting.  I come to the floor of the Senate today to say that this time it really has to be different. This time the Senate needs to come together on a bipartisan basis and make sure these changes are actually implemented. I wanted to make this appeal for bipartisanship because that is what Chairman Hollings--I see my friend Senator McCain on the floor as well--and Senator McCain are trying to do in the Senate Commerce Committee with the legislation that we would like to have taken up.  I happen to believe that, as a result of the determination and the persistence of Chairman Hollings and Senator McCain, we are now talking about legislation that will bring new accountability on this aviation security issue. The bill is not about political ideology. The Hollings-McCain legislation is about accountability--about ensuring that the Federal Government on a national security issue is accountable. Nobody in the Senate would ever think about subcontracting out our national security. But that is regrettably what has happened in the aviation sector for so many years.  I went back through some of the history almost 2 weeks ago on the floor of the Senate. It started really after the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing over Lockerbie in 1988. We saw it again after the TWA Flight 800 crashed near Long Island. In each case Presidential commissions were established, and there was unanimity about what needed to be done, with the General Accounting Office and the Department of Transportation inspector general outlining the vulnerabilities and then political infighting started.  I am very hopeful the Senate will support the bipartisan effort being led by Chairman Hollings and Senator McCain. I have felt for way too long that there isn't enough bipartisanship on important issues of today. Senator Smith and I are trying to do it in our home State of Oregon. I think Chairman Hollings and Senator McCain are trying to do it in this Chamber with this legislation.  If we don't get this done, I fear we will be back on the floor of this body in 6 months or a year with Senator after Senator taking their turn once again in a procession of floor speeches about how sorry and upset the Senate is that another tragedy has occurred--that another tragedy occurred because the Senate failed to act promptly to put in place the safeguards that I have documented on the floor of this Senate and that have been called for now repeatedly in the last 20 years.  I am hopeful that in the hours ahead--I appreciate what Chairman Hollings and Senator McCain are trying to do--we can deal with the additional issues that are outstanding and get this legislation reported.  Let me touch on two other matters. The second issue I would like to mention is this: The rule and the procedures that are going to be set out will define what the aviation industry is all about for years and years to come. I am talking now about the rule that is going to be set in place with respect to loans and loan guarantees that are going to go a long way in determining whether there is real competition in the airline sector, affordable prices, and whether places in rural Nebraska and rural Oregon are serviced. I have outlined what I think are six or seven key principles that ought to govern how those loans and loan guarantees are made.  What concerns me is that those decisions are being made behind closed doors. They are being made outside the public debate. There is considerable discussion about whether the large airlines may, in fact, have an agenda that will crush the small airlines. I am very hopeful that Members of this body will weigh in between now and Saturday with the Office of Management and Budget as they make the rules that are going to govern these loans and loan guarantees.  One last point: Something that I and Senator Smith are together on is the pride in our State and our citizens. A number of Oregonians, strong-willed people in our State, are mounting an operation that they call Flight for Freedom, answering the national call for all of us to get on with our lives and come to the aid of those hurt in the attacks of September 11. In a show of solidarity with their fellow Americans, more than 700 Oregonians are making the statement this weekend by heading to the hotels and Broadway shows and restaurants in New York City that are fighting for economic survival in the aftermath of the attack. With Oregonians' Flight for Freedom, the people of my State are standing shoulder to shoulder with the citizens of New York in an effort to make clear that no terrorist can break the American spirit.  I congratulate Sho Dozono and the other organizers and participants in Oregon's Flight for Freedom for their generous efforts. I urge all Americans to follow their example. Oregonians are showing this weekend that we are going to stand against terrorism byreaching out to fellow citizens and enjoying what American life has to offer in our centers of commerce across this great Nation. Because of these kinds of efforts, we can send a message that terrorists can't extinguish the American spirit.  I yield the floor.  