For hour after hour, we have gone at it, because obviously the technology sector is being pounded and local governments are understandably concerned about their revenues. Today, however, and I want to emphasize this to the Senate, many in both camps are in agreement on what the Senate should do. Groups as diverse as the American Electronics Association and the National Conference of State Legislatures are in agreement.  There ought to be a simple 2-year extension of the current Internet Tax Freedom Act. It would be a mistake to support the substitute, although well-intentioned, by the Senator from Wyoming. The current Internet Tax Freedom Act makes it illegal to discriminate against electronic commerce, and no jurisdiction in the country has been able to show that they have been hurt by their inability to discriminate. I want to emphasize to our colleagues tonight, a vote for the Enzi substitute means millions of Americans could be hit with new taxes for clicking on a Web page.  The substitute is bad news because it changes the definition of Internet access so if Internet access includes receipt of content or services then Internet access can be taxed. That would mean, for millions of Americans, the first thing they would get when they get on to the Web, news or weather or sports, that could be taxed. If this werenot damaging enough, the substitute actually makes it possible to inflict those taxes retroactively to 1998.  I am of the view most Senators believe there ought to be a permanent ban on Internet access taxes, that Internet access taxes widen the digital divide, and yet the substitute goes in the opposite direction.  Our first economic responsibility ought to be to do no harm, but the substitute creates new opportunities for economic mischief.  For many Americans, basic Internet access is about plugging the computer into a plain old phone line, dialing an Internet Service Provider, such as Erol's or Earthlink, and logging on to the Internet. Obviously, the blank screen does no one any good; most people when they click on to the Net they get a Web page and start receiving information and content on that Web page. For that, the substitute opens those millions of people up to new taxes.  The second flaw with the substitute is it would not prevent every tax jurisdiction from imposing new taxes on the Internet. Any of the 7,600 taxing jurisdictions in America could go out and concoct new taxes. For the life of me, I cannot figure out why that would be good for the economy right now.  The third flaw in the substitute is it allows discrimination against remote and on-line sellers, forcing them to pay different tax rates than in-State businesses. The substitute permits the remote seller to be taxed differently than an in-State business and, as a result, millions of small businesses will face significant large, new burdens trying to navigate a system of multiple and varying tax rates.  For example, in one part of Colorado there are five distinct tax rates within a single zip code. No software exists today that can help the small businessperson navigate the sea of bureaucracy and redtape, and I hope the Senate won't force that daunting task on unsuspecting small businesses.  I will conclude with this comment. Tonight, the Senate is being presented with two different views of Federal policy towards the Internet. The first, which is contained in the underlying bill, stipulates that there ought to be a short, clean extension of current law barring discriminatory taxes on electronic commerce and nothing else. The substitute--the Senate Finance chairman is absolutely right, and I am grateful for his support on this--hasn't had a hearing. It exposes millions of Americans to the prospects of new taxes, creates the possibility of a crazy quilt of Internet regulation throughout the country, and looks to the possibility that we would see scores of forms and paperwork that would chew up a vast amount of time in compliance.  I hope my colleagues will support the underlying bill, will reject the substitute, and join a diverse coalition that includes the American Electronics Association and the National Conference of State Legislatures, two groups that, on this issue, have in the past disagreed again and again. Those two groups, the American Electronics Association and the National Conference of State Legislatures, are united saying the way for the Senate to proceed is to go for a clean 2-year extension of this moratorium and reject the substitute.  I yield the floor.  