And I look at Southern California Edison--my distinguished colleague read something from the Southern California Edison, and I opened my Washington Post recently and learned that the Southern California Edison sent $5 billion overseas.  I have great respect for my colleague from California. I don't think she would have put together what California did in the first place. Where we disagree is that I cannot come to the floor of the Senate tonight and say that because I am fond of my colleague from California, California can, in effect, declare bankruptcy and not pay its bills. The Senator's colleague from California, Senator Boxer, said--I think very eloquently--she thought it was just plain fair. That is the way I see it.  I think you are going to have important legislation come before the committee involving rate caps and other approaches. I am going to be working closely with you on those kinds of issues, and Senator Smith is as well. But if we now get stiffed, and if we are now told we can't even stand in line in a chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding under a plan, I don't think that passes the basic test of fairness.  That is why we are here tonight. The Senator has framed the issue on her side--Southern California Edison and several of those significant private parties who were intimately involved in botching this job. On our side: Senator Boxer, Senator Smith, and a variety of public entities who believe that, coming out of the chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding, you ought to have something--something--that says you are going to get repaid.  I ask my colleague again tonight, if she were to offer a perfecting amendment to the one we discussed tonight saying we will give you a reasonable period of time to work out your plan, that is yet another olive branch which we have been trying to extend over the last couple of weeks that might allow the Senate to go forward and approve a measure of protection for my constituents while at the same time showing that I and other Westerners are going to bend over backwards to give you all a chance to put together your comprehensive approach.  