President, we are moving to wrap this up. I want to come back to a couple points because I think there is confusion, for example, on the Internet access charge issue. There is a sense among some Senators that this is something that would have to be approved by this body. That is not correct. This amendment--the substitute--changes the definition of Internet access, and it can be applied to millions of Americans without any further action by the Senate.  In particular, what the amendment says is that it would be possible to ``tax content or services.'' That is virtually everything. Nobody wants a blank screen on their computer. Of course, they are going to have a Web page with news, weather, and basic information. The fact is that the substitute means that millions of Americans could be hit with new taxes just for clicking on a Web page, and this could be done without any further action by the Senate.  I think most Senators believe there ought to be a permanent ban on Internet access taxes, that Internet access taxes widen the digital divide. Yet the substitute on the Internet access tax issue goes in just the opposite direction. A lot of Americans think Internet access is plugging the computer into a phone line, dialing up the Internet provider, and logging onto the net. Then you would get a blank screen. Of course, you want information and content. People need to know, as they move to this vote, that they could be taxed for getting those kinds of services that many of them believe are essential, such as the weather.  At the end of the day, I pledge to continue to work with the Senator from Wyoming. He has been extremely sincere and extremely dedicated. However this vote comes out, I want to make it clear that I will work closely with him, Senator Dorgan, and all the Senators who see this differently than I, Senator Baucus, Senator McCain, and others. We are going to have to stay at it.  When you vote tonight, you are talking about two very differing approaches with respect to Internet policy. One approach that we advocate tonight is backed by the American Electronics Association and the National Conference of State Legislatures. The other is opposed by virtually all of the technology groups in the country.  I yield the floor.  