My first choice was what we did with Senator Boxer. Senator Boxer worked very closely with us to narrow this amendment. In order to make sure we had the best possible response with respect to this threat that there could be a great run on the banks and the institutions of California, we narrowed this so it involves a few hundred million dollars out of $12 billion. In fact, there is a little irony here. The sum of money we are talking about all told is less than the Senator's staff initially indicated they could go along with, but I gather Southern California Edison and some of these other folks do not happen to agree.  Our first choice is to have a very narrow amendment to make sure the people whom California public officials have been thanking get a fair shake. It is only because we are anxious to explore other options with you that we thought giving you a reasonable period of time might be helpful.  We are prepared to take the consequences of an up-or-down vote on the Smith amendment. The choices are clear: Southern California Edison is not with the Smith-Boxer-Wyden amendment. We have established that. It has been read in letters tonight.  Those who are with us are these small public entities--the Western Power Authority, Bonneville Power, small municipal utilities in California. They are with us. It sets a very bad precedent to say those organizations that are responsible to taxpayers can be stiffed through the bankruptcy process.  I admire greatly my colleague from California who is here in this discussion tonight. I make it clear we are prepared to stay until all hours of the night toiling on this matter because one issue we both agree on is this is of enormous interest to our constituents--those you represent in California, those I represent in the Pacific Northwest. We have our door open to work with the Senator on other approaches.  If that doesn't work, the choice is clear for colleagues tomorrow morning at 10:30. Senator Smith, Senator Boxer, and I have an approach that is narrow and we think will promote negotiations to avoid a bankruptcy proceeding. On the other side is Southern California Edison and a crowd shipping billions of dollars overseas when they ought to do their homework to correct a botched job in energy deregulation on the west coast in California.  If my colleague from California wants to go back and forth some more tonight, we can do that. I have, with Senator Boxer and Senator Smith, made the principal points on our side, and unless my colleague from California wants to engage in further discussion, we can yield back, but I can't yield my time until we have had a chance to respond to any arguments the Senator has.  