. Congress is going to respond to the horrible tragedy in New York in an unprecedented way. The U.S. Congress is going to vote to send billions of dollars to the airline industry, while not making any funds available to the scores and scores of other businesses across this country affected by this tragedy that also teeter on bankruptcy.  The process that the U.S. Congress is using is also unprecedented. The number being used to send these billions of dollars of taxpayer money to the airline industry comes from the airline industry itself. There has not been an independent, third party review of the numbers and the projections on which this legislation tonight is based. It is a leap of faith. The Congress tonight is responding to the airline industry's assertion that because this tragedy is so dire and the circumstances so enormous, we should waive the traditional process of saying that someone independent should evaluate a piece of legislation such as this involving billions and billions of dollars.  But it is also unprecedented, the horror and the tragedy that the Congress must address. Tonight, in what has been one of the hardest decisions I have had to face, I am going to vote for this legislation because of one addition that has been made, and I am pleased to announce it tonight. Senator Daschle, the majority leader, has worked so hard on this legislation; Senator Hollings, chairman of the CommerceCommittee, has done yeoman work on this bill; Congressman Doggett; and a variety of Members have indicated they expect the General Accounting Office to give a briefing to the U.S. Congress by September 28 on this legislation.  I make it clear tonight, if it appears on September 28 or in the days that succeed that briefing that this legislation was in excess of what the airlines needed, I am going to come back on this floor and do everything in my power to send this money to the scores of other businesses across this country that teeter on bankruptcy tonight. This is unprecedented, first, because of the tragedy; second, because one class of those affected in the airline industry is receiving help while others are not; and third, because there has not been an independent analysis of what the claims actually constitute and what funds are truly needed.  Because the circumstances are so dire, the Congress is going to vote for this legislation over the next few hours. I want the Congress to know, that briefing on September 28 will be critical because it will be our first chance to get an objective analysis of whether the industry needs this sum of money and needs it for the claims that are being made.  I wrap up by saying in my view Senator Rockefeller and Senator Hutchison have done a first-rate job on this legislation. This is, as we all know, just the beginning of the debate about how to deal with the financial consequences of the horror in New York, but it is a particularly difficult choice the Congress is making tonight. I assure my constituents and others who are following this debate that the way this money is going to be spent is something that is going to be scrutinized with as much care as any subject that has ever come before the U.S. Congress.  I yield the floor.  