For the next few minutes we are going to talk about summer school, which I think is a critical time between the spring achievement tests that our youngsters take and that time in the fall when it is so critical to evaluate their performance for the upcoming school year.  Suffice it to say, what the Senator from Alabama and the Senator from Illinois, Mr. Durbin, and I would like to do is have an opportunity to supercharge those few months in an effort to beef up the test scores, particularly the test scores of math and science, for youngsters across this country.  What Senator Sessions and Senator Durbin and I envision is establishing a new demonstration program that would empower States and local educational agencies to develop models for exceptionally high-quality summer academic enrichment programs that would be designed to help public school students meet those achievement requirements being required by the States in the performance standards that are being established.  For me, it all came down to what Nehemiah Vaughn told me in Portland not long ago when he was going into the sixth grade. Nehemiah Vaughn told me: Summer school, Mr. Senator, is helping me to raise my grades.  I think, as we look at educational reform in this country, we ought to think about what students and families are telling us. For example, in Baltimore--and we know our colleague, Senator Mikulski, has been very interested in these education issues--the Baltimore Sun had an exceptionally important article a few days ago indicating that more than 30,000 children--nearly one-third of Baltimore's public school population--had failed to meet the tough new promotion standards and were being directed to summer school.  So this legislation, which Senator Sessions and I have worked on for many months, on a bipartisan basis, with Senator Durbin especially--and we are pleased to have Senator Landrieu, Senator Breaux, and Senator Mikulski as bipartisan cosponsors--is an effort to develop these model projects around the country that can be duplicated in the years ahead.  We are not saying that we can spend an unlimited sum of money at this point, but we are saying that $25 million is a modest amount of money to spend each year over the next few years to set in place these demonstration projects which we believe would then be projects that could be duplicated in school districts across this country.  For example, Senator Durbin has done very important work with the Chicago program which is called the Public School Summer Bridge Program. I happen to share his view that it is going to take a substantial investment in the years ahead to strengthen these summer school programs.  Frankly, I would like to be able to invest a bit more in those programs now. I think it is critically important that one of those major urban school districts be part of the set of programs that are selected when these programs are evaluated by the experts in the field. So I want it understood that his contribution, in my view, is extremely important.  I also note the chairman of the committee, Senator Kennedy, is with us. He has again and again and again raised these issues in this Senate Chamber. I think this country is very fortunate that someone is in this Chamber who consistently makes it impossible for the Senate to forget these priorities. I express my appreciation to the chairman of the committee as well for all of his help, and that of the staff.  Finally, I will yield to my colleague from Alabama. He and I have been talking about this effort for more than a year. I have always thought that the really important work for this country can only be accomplished on a bipartisan basis. I think it is clear that when we look at the future of education, it does not get much more important than summer school.  It is our hope, the hope of Senator Sessions and I, and Senator Durbin, that after we get the results of these demonstration projects--and we seewhat works and what is most cost effective--we can be in this Chamber again, on a bipartisan basis, making the case to our colleagues that these are the kinds of programs that are going to allow us to use those months, those precious months between the spring achievement tests and the fall, to make sure that when young people leave in the spring they say more than: See you in September; that they say: See you in summer school, and that they and their families know the programs that truly make a difference.  I yield the floor and especially thank my colleague, Senator Sessions, from Alabama who has worked with me on this for more than a year. And I also recognize the critically important work of Senator Durbin.  I think when we get the results of these demonstration projects, you are going to see the bipartisan team that has advanced this demonstration project effort back in this Chamber again saying that now this country has to make a truly significant investment in summer school because these are programs that make a difference.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  