 Mr. President, I will be brief. It has been interesting that on the floor of the Senate today no one has spoken in defense of negative ads. The very ads that the media consultants believe are most successful or most likely to win elections have not won a defense. I guess the media consultants in this country are going to have to go back to school if this proposal, as it makes its way down the gauntlet, becomes law, as the Senator from Maine and I hope to make possible.  The fact is that this is a stand-by-your-ad requirement. This is a proposal that makes it clear that to get that lowest unit rate, you have to be held personally accountable.  What the Senator from Maine did is useful. We believed we had made it clear in terms of linking it to the appropriate Federal election statute. What we just did makes it even more so.  I, too, thank the Senator from Kentucky. This is an area in which I have had a special interest since what I think was the harshest campaign in Oregon history in 1995 and 1996. My friend and colleague, Senator Smith, and I believe that race was just completely out of hand. Neither of us could recognize the kinds of commercials that were being run by the end.  This is an opportunity to draw a line in the sand and to say the Senate wants to make it clear that we are not going to let candidates disown these corrosive, negative commercials. They are not going to be able to hide any longer if this becomes law.  I express my thanks again to the Senator from Maine.  There are a number of staff who have put in a huge number of hours: Jeff Gagne and Carole Grunberg of my staff, Michael Bopp with Senator Collins, Linda Gustitas with Senator Levin, Bob Schiff with Senator Feingold, and Andrea LaRue with Senator Daschle. All of them contributed to this effort to make sure that in this country we are no longer subsidizing dirty campaigning. That is what happens today. We are subsidizing the local hardware store owner and the local restaurant owner is subsidizing dirty campaigns, and we are taking a step away from that.  With thanks to my colleague from Maine, with a pledge to the Senator from Kentucky to continue to work with him in this area, I express my thanks to him for taking this by voice vote.  I yield the floor.  Mr. McCONNELL. I yield back the remainder of my time.  