President, I come to the floor this morning with Senator Collins of Maine to offer a bipartisan amendment that we believe will help slow the explosive growth of negative political commercials that are corroding the faith of individuals in the political process. I also thank my colleague from New Mexico, Senator Bingaman, and Congressman Greg Walden of Oregon on the House side, who has also been extremely interested in this issue over the years.  Negative commercials are clearly fueling citizens' cynicism about politics. Those negative commercials are depressing voter participation and, in my view, they are demeaning all who are involved in the political process.  The amendment I have prepared with Senator Collins is a straightforward one. In order to qualify for the advertising discounts that Federal law requires candidates for Federal office receive, those candidates would have to personally stand by any mention of an opponent in a radio or television advertisement.  We have asked the Congressional Research Service to do an analysis of our proposal. In their view, they believe it would be upheld as constitutional. I am of the view that they came to that conclusion because the fact is there is noconstitutional right to a subsidized dirty political campaign. Everybody in this body knows and knows full well that when candidates mention their opponent in an advertisement, they are not spending those campaign funds to state that their opponent is the greatest thing since night baseball. They are going to be spending, in so many instances, advertising money where, in effect, the candidate would hide behind grainy photographs of the opponent, pictures that make that opponent look pretty much like a criminal, and often there is this bloodcurdling music that portrays the whole thing in such an ominous way that the children sort of run for another room.  What Senator Collins and I are seeking to do in this amendment is to make it tough for candidates to disown their negative political commercials. We say that candidates can say anything they want. We are not trampling on the first amendment. A candidate is free, totally free, completely unfettered, under our bipartisan proposal, to say anything about their opponent.  But what we say, however, is if you are going to mention your opponent, you have to own up to it. You cannot hide any longer.  The fact is, negative campaigning is done to obscure ownership. It is done to obscure who is actually going to be held personally accountable.  A number of analysts have looked at negative commercials over the years and the fact is, as they have noted, it is almost always done by advertising. It is almost impossible to do a negative exchange if you are in a debate because the candidate on the other side has an opportunity to answer. The sneak punches, the low blows, are easily delivered through TV and radio, especially radio.  As our colleagues know, a lot of the newspapers at home will do these ad watches. So very often it is possible to blow the whistle on a television commercial. But with respect to radio, that so often is completely under the radar so there is absolutely no accountability.  What Senator Collins and I seek to do is to make it clear that it is not going to be so easy to skulk around, to sneak around and engage in these negative ads and pretend they are not yours.  You can say anything you want about your opponent under our proposal, but there is not going to be a subsidized rate if you don't own up to it. It just doesn't seem right to me to say the car dealer or the local restaurant or the hardware store should have to pay a higher rate while you get a discounted rate for running a negative advertisement.  A lot of our colleagues want to speak on this. I believe we have an hour and a half for this debate. I am very appreciative that Senator Collins is on the floor. She has a long history of being involved in reform efforts.  I also thank Senator Bingaman who has had a great interest in this issue over the years. Senator Dodd, Senator Feingold, Senator McCain, Senator Levin--all of them have worked with us on this proposal in recent days.  I see Senator Dodd on the floor, and I commend him for the superb way in which he handled this debate. Nobody ever said this topic was going to be a walk in the park. He has handled it superbly, in my view.  I yield the floor.  