President, I thank Senator Murray. I commend her for the excellent job she has done on this bill. This is an extremely important measure. She has done a first-rate job handling it. We appreciate it in the Pacific Northwest and across this country.  I want to take a few minutes tonight to discuss the situation that the flying public is facing as they look at using our airlines and our system of aviation this summer. Unfortunately, so many Americans are going to face long and tedious hours stranded in overcrowded airports. In many instances, they are not even going to have the basic courtesy of straight information about their flights, cancellations, and important details that are so essential to them when they make their plans.  It seems to me the central aviation problem today is that there are no consequences for this flagrant mistreatment of passengers. There really is no accountability. While this problem is extremely complicated, clearly demand exceeds supply in this country. We need more runways. We need better air traffic control. But you do not have to pour more concrete to start telling passengers the truth about their travel options in the United States.  Again and again we find that passengers are kept in the dark. They are not told when a flight is overbooked. For example, I have no problem with the airline selling a ticket to a passenger on an overbooked flight, but I think the passenger has a right to know that flight is overbooked. The inspector general found repeatedly that the airlines would know hours ahead of time that a flight was going to be significantly delayed by 2 or 3 hours. Yet the airlines would not go out and change the departure board.  It seems to me what we ought to require, in an area that is extremely complicated, is that passengers at least have a right to know what their travel options are. Senator Reid and Senator McCain and I have been working together very closely for several years now. A bill has cleared the Senate Commerce Committee under the leadership of Chairman Hollings and Senator McCain. Under normal circumstances I would offer a measure that would ensure passengers have these basic rights as they fly this summer in what proves to be a pretty exasperating travel season for millions of Americans. But, frankly, I do not like to legislate on an appropriations bill.  I think Chairman Hollings and Senator McCain and Senator Reid, our bipartisan group that has worked in this area, has put together a very good bill. It has passed the Senate Commerce Committee unanimously.  Suffice it to say, the chair of the Senate Transportation Committee has enough headaches in handling this legislation right now as to not put yet another challenge on the bill. But I will tell you my patience with respect to this matter is growing pretty thin.  Senator McCain and I introduced the first bipartisan passenger rights legislation back in 1999. The airlines then said there really was no problem. They said this was just an anecdotal situation and there really was not a problem.  Then, as the evidence began to pour in that this problem was systemwide, they said the answer is a voluntary approach. Just keep the U.S. Congress out of it and everything is going to be fine. The inspector general came forward and did an analysis of the voluntary approach and saw that was not working particularly well. Then the airlines said it was the FAA's fault, the Federal Aviation Administration.  The fact is, it has been a bottomless pit of excuses with respect to this question of improving passenger service in this country. Now the airlines have basically said that if passengers want any rights, they should basically go to court to try to get them. They will have a voluntary program, but if the passengers want any rights they should go out and try to find somebody in the trial bar to get interested in a lawsuit.  Suffice it to say, this country needs a straightforward, enforceable package of rights to protect the passenger.  I want to make it clear, I am not calling for a constitutional right to a fluffy pillow on your airplane flight or a legal right to a jumbo bag of peanuts. But I do think you ought to have a right to basic information such as when your flight is chronically delayed.  One of the areas the inspector general has felt most strongly about is a situation that would require airlines to inform a prospective passenger when a flight is going to be 2 or 3 hours late and has a track record of being that late 30 or 40 percent of the time.  I also think disclosing that information to the flying public would inject a bit of competition into the system because, if consumers could have that kind of information, then they might choose another flight, say, that was only late 10 percent of the time or they might choose another travel option altogether. You could begin to hold the airlines accountable. You could begin to have some consequences for this shoddy service to which the passengers are so often subjected.  The passenger bill of rights is really about the public's right to know. It is about giving passengers information. I was told early on that somehow giving passengers these rights was going to jack up the bills of consumers. It seems to me it only can be a force for holding costs down because when you give passengers information about their options, that helps to make the system more competitive and serves as a force to drive prices down.  I hope we will not have to wait much longer to get an enforceable set of passengers' rights in place.  I do not quarrel in the least with the airlines' argument that we need more funding for runways and air traffic control and infrastructure. The airlines are absolutely right. Today, demand exceeds supply with respect to American aviation, but I will tell my colleagues and the Senate that all the concrete in the world is not going to do it if the airlines are not required to give the passengers basic information about their flight options that is now in their possession. I am continually struck how it can be that this industry, which has performed such technological miracles in so many other areas, cannot devote just a tiny bit of that talent and ingenuity to making sure that passengers are kept well informed.  It seems to me it is a basic sort of proposition of industry in this country that you try to treat the customer properly, that you tell someone what their options are. But essentially aviation is one of the few industries--perhaps the only one--where you consistently can't get the product for which you contracted. If the local movie house doesn't have enough people for the 3 o'clock showing, the local movie house doesn't go out and cancel the 3 o'clock showing. It has been found again and again that is what airlines do when they don't think they have sufficient people on a particular flight.  I am not going to offer the passenger bill of rights as an amendment on Senator Murray's appropriations bill, but I wanted to come to the floor and say this is an area where I think the Senate is ready to go with the good work of Senator Reid and Senator McCain, and particularly Senator Hollings, who pulled together a bipartisan bill in the Senate Commerce Committee.  I think we are on our way to passing legislation that could make a real difference. Given the fact that it will take some time to get that new infrastructure which is needed in place--it is going to take time to get additional runways and improvements in air traffic control and other basic purposes--that is all the more reason to pass a passengers' rights bill now so that passengers, as we are building the additional infrastructure, can know what their travel options are and know how to plan what is best for them and their families.  I again thank Senator Murray for the excellent job she has done on this bill. I see Senator Shelby and others are here as well. Senator Shelby was very involved in passing and supporting passenger rights as well. I thank him for that.  I yield the floor.  