I express my appreciation to the Senator from Michigan and the Senator from Virginia.  One of the most serious environmental problems in our country and in the world is the excessive emissions of carbons into the atmosphere. Senator Brownback and I have worked for a number of years together on a bipartisan basis because we believe it is time for the U.S. Congress to begin moving together on a bipartisan basis to deal with this serious environmental problem. Therefore, the amendment we worked out with Senator Harkin and Senator Lugar sets up what is known as a carbon sequestration program, a program that allows us to store these carbons in trees, in agricultural products, and in the land.  Our legislation specifically does two things: It allows the research dollars in the legislation to be used by State forestry programs for carbon sequestration. This allows mobilization of various State forestry programs such as we have in Oregon and other States in this country to seriously attack this carbon problem.  Second, our legislation sets up a carbon sequestration demonstration effort which allows private parties to pay farmers and foresters a market-based fee to store carbon and to otherwise reduce net emissions of greenhouse gasses. It would be the first effort to set up a marketplace-oriented system of reducing these carbons.  We are not saying tonight, Senator Brownback and I, that carbon sequestration is the be-all and end-all of dealing with the climate change problem. But it can be a significant tool in our toolbox to reduce global warming. I happen to think that carbon sequestration can be a very significant jackhammer for those who are fighting the climate change issue.  I conclude by thanking Senator Harkin and Senator Lugar. This is a chance to bring Americans together--businesses, environmental leaders. It will not cost jobs, it will save money. Look at the costs. It takes between $2 and $20 per ton to store carbon in trees and soil. Emissions reductions can cost as much as $100 per ton. That is why Senator Brownback and I have worked for several years. I believe this legislation can reduce a third of the problems we are having with excessive emissions in our country.  With that, and with thanks to Senator Harkin and Senator Lugar, I ask that the amendment be agreed to on a voice vote at this time.  I yield the floor.  