President, again to set the record straight, when my colleague came to the floor tonight, the first thing she said was, what do the two private utilities affected by this think?  That is clearly what this debate is all about in terms of those who are opposed. Yes, Southern California Edison and PG are opposed. The crowd who botched the job of energy deregulation, the State of California, is prepared to oppose something such as this. My colleague from California said this is a dangerous amendment. What is really dangerous is what California has already done to the American people because the fact is, what California has already done to the American people is put in a set of energy decisions that have great implications for the whole country, not just those in the West.  The President of the Senate is from Nevada; I am from Oregon. It will have ripples all the way through our country. That is what California has already done.  The crowd that has botched this and engaged in this conduct, by my calculation, is pretty close to political malpractice if you look at how they went about deregulating energy, deregulating only one part in one way, leaving another part alone. Now they come to the floor of the Senate and they say, trust us even though they have already been dickering about it for months and months; we are going to be able to put together a $12 billion comprehensive settlement. But you in the Pacific Northwest and the public entities that Senator Boxer talked about, despite the fact that these organizations involve just a few hundred million dollars as part of a $12 billion plan, trust us because everything will work out in the end.  That is a bit too much to swallow. Tomorrow when we vote --and we are open to working with our colleague from California this evening--I hope the Senate will stand with Senator Smith, Senator Boxer, and myself. We are of the view that our amendment is about simple, basic fairness. Nobody is given a preference in bankruptcy under this legislation. In fact, no one in the course of this debate that has gone on now for several hours has once pointed to any language in the amendment that provides a preference to Bonneville or anyone else.  I wrap up by way of saying I will assume my colleague from California misspoke. The Bonneville Power Administration is for this. We have been working with them constantly. The Northwest Power Planning Council is for this. Bonneville Power, for example, is faced with a situation where they will have to make debt repayment before long.  They badly need this money. So this is about the small public entities in California that Senator Boxer spoke about. It is about the municipal energy entities all up and down the west coast. You bet southern California is against us on this. I hope my colleagues will stand with Senator Boxer and Senator Smith and I at 10:30.  I will again invite my colleague to discuss this further. I will respond to any other arguments. Whenever she finishes, perhaps I can make my closing arguments and we can wrap this up.  Would my colleague like me to yield to her?  