President, I come to this Chamber today to join my colleague from Oregon, Senator Smith. One can debate whether we have found precisely the right offset. Senator Smith and I have scoured the budget and intend to work closely with the chairman of the subcommittee and the chairman of the full committee and, of course, the ranking minority members as well, so as to ensure that this is addressed at the proper time in the proper way.  But as Senator Smith has correctly said, what I think is not debatable is the fact that there is a world of hurt, a world of pain in the Klamath Basin in the State we represent. We have scores and scores of farmers in that part of the State who are on the ropes as we speak.  These are people who have worked hard all their lives. That have played by the rules. They have done nothing wrong. But clearly, now, as a result of policies that ensure we can find water for all the uses about which people of Oregon and people of this country feel strongly--agriculture, environment, conservation--there is a tremendous crunch in our part of the country.  Senator Smith and I have spent many hours in recent weeks working to forge a coalition between agricultural interests, environmental interests, the rural communities--all of the stakeholders--the tribes, and all of the parties who feel so strongly about this.  The reason we come to the floor today is that we want to work with the Appropriations Committee--particularly the chairman, Senator Kohl, and Senator Cochran, who have been very gracious to us in working on Klamath issues in the past--so we can get this urgently needed assistance.  It is our understanding that there are some questions about exactly from which account this should come. Senator Smith has been very clear, in making our initial remarks, that we intend to work with both the subcommittee and the full committee to ensure this offset does come from the appropriate account.  What is not debatable is how grave the need is. We have farmers who are not going to survive. They are not going to be there a few months down the road, if we can't get the assistance through this amendment the two Oregon Senators offer today.  I thank Chairman Kohl and Senator Cochran. We are going to be working closely with them and with the chairman of the full committee and the ranking minority member, Senator Stevens, so that we can find the funds needed so urgently in the Klamath Basin and we can give a little bit of hope at this critical time to those families who are suffering today and are worried about whether they are going to be able to farm tomorrow.  I yield the floor.  