President, I sincerely thank Chairman Byrd and his staff, Galen Fountain and Chuck Kieffer, for all their hard work and consideration on this bill. I would especially like to thank the Chairman for his understanding the needs of my constituents in the Klamath Basin and thereby including these much needed payments in this bill. I would also thank Senator Stevens and his staff, Rebecca Davies, for their understanding and support.  This amendment provides $20,000,000 for the farmer families in the Klamath Basin. While the Secretary has the discretion to disseminate this money as she sees fit, I am pleased that we have an understanding with the Bush administration that this money will be distributed as grants or direct payments but not as loans.  The Klamath Basin stretches between southern Oregon and northern California. The water in the Basin is managed primarily by the Department of Interior's Bureau of Reclamation. The management of this water has assured the continuation of a significant agricultural community in the Basin. But this growing season the Basin is home to 1,500 growers and their families whose farms are parched. It is home to three National Wildlife Refuges and fish bearing lakes and rivers that are also parched. There is not enough water to go around.  I, and several colleagues, fought so hard for the $20,000,000 contained in this bill for these farmer families because this money provides our farmers the assurances they need to get through this season. It provides the Basin farmers with the safety net they need as the tightrope between agriculture and the environment is traversed. This $20,000,000 safety net is necessary to keep these folks alive while the larger natural resource issues evident in the Klamath Basin are debated and ecological balance in the Basin is pursued. There is a balance that can and should be struck and this money is, unfortunately, a necessary step on that long and arduous journey.  There is a precedent for this appropriation in other USDA conservation programs. For instance, this money may be able to be used by the Secretary to purchase, under short term contracts, water easements for the sake of water conservation in the Basin. In this way, the money will get directly to the farmer much like land easement payments under the conservation Reserve Program are made directly to the farmer.  I am pleased to be joined by my colleague and friend from Oregon, Senator Smith, and my colleagues and friends from California, Senators Feinstein and Boxer, in thanking the Chairman and Senator Stevens for their inclusion of this important provision in this supplemental appropriations bill.  