President, to wrap up briefly, we have tried for 18 months to bring the parties together. For example, I proposed--in spite of the fact that I see absolutely no evidence that any jurisdiction in this country has been hurt by their inability to impose discriminatory taxes, I proposed, over the opposition of many in business, that when the mayors and Governors have a proposal that is ready to go, they be given an opportunity to have a vote in the Congress, an opportunity to vote on a proposal of their choosing.  So I have clearly gone to considerable lengths to try to be sensitive to the concerns of mayors and Governors. I hope we will continue the effort to try to bring the parties together.  I was not aware there was going to be an effort to proceed to this bill by UC today, otherwise there would have been many colleagues, who share my view and support the legislation I offered with Congressman Cox that passed 98 to 2 in this Chamber, to support those positions to carry on this debate. The only way we are going to get this done is to bring the parties together.  I point out finally with respect to the time period, the National Conference of State Legislatures, known as NCSL, said recently they wanted a 4-year moratorium because they were not ready, from a technological standpoint, to advance the solutions that would address this issue without putting burdens on out-of-state sellers.  We are dealing with an extraordinarily important issue. The technology sector has been very hard hit, as all of our colleagues know. The last thing they need is to be shellacked with discriminatory taxes. There are more than 7,600 taxing jurisdictions in this country. If you are talking about overturning the Quill case, which is what this debate is all about, which says that you cannot impose taxes unless there is physical presence in a particular jurisdiction--a case I strongly support--you are dealing with very serious matters with respect to the economy of this country.  I would like to see us go back to the way we tried to deal with this for the last 18 months, which was in a conciliatory way, trying to bring the parties together. Starting Monday, there is an opportunity for considerable economic mischief. Fortunately, only four State legislatures are in session right now, but there is an opportunity for considerable economic mischief.  The legislation that Senator McCain and I have advanced on a bipartisan basis provides the framework to proceed, but Senator Enzi, who has been very constructive on this issue for quite some time now, has made for me and others a copy of another proposal he has. I assure him and those with whom he is working that we will look at it very carefully and work with him.  I yield the floor.  