The bill will do a great deal for all types of transportation in this country, including aviation. She has served the public well, as she has done throughout her service here in Congress.  But as the Senator knows, airline travelers are frustrated. In the last five years, delays, cancellations, and consumer complaints have all risen dramatically. Earlier this year, the DOT inspector general reported that ``the aviation system is not working well.''  Part of the problem is insufficient capacity. That is why I support efforts to increase capacity by building more runways and improving air traffic control. It is also why Senator Murray's efforts on the aviation portions of this year's are so appreciated.  At the same time, part of the problem is that there isn't enough competition. Airlines too often treat consumers in ways that would not be tolerated for long in other industries--and the airlines get away with it because passengers have limited choices for air travel.  The Department of Transportation is charged with protecting consumers against airlines that engage in ``unfair and deceptive'' practices. But the truth is, the Department of Transportation is not primarily a consumer protection agency. It has limited resources for this task, and limited experience with ``unfair and deceptive'' practice enforcement.  The agency with the most expertise in this area is the Federal Trade Commission. Protecting consumers against unfair and deceptive practices is the FTC's bread and butter. Under existing law, the FTC cannot take enforcement actions against airlines. And I am not proposing to change that.  However, while the FTC has no enforcement authority over airlines, nothing prevents it from studying and reporting on unfair practices in the airline industry. I believe the FTC could do a real service to the flying public by providing some much needed expert analysis of arguably unfair practices in the airline industry.  For example, I think it would be very illuminating for the FTC to take a look at whether airlines tend to cancel flights simply because they are not sufficiently full. A movie theater doesn't cancel the 3:00 matinee just because only a handful of people show up. But does this happen in the airline industry? The FTC, with its strong economic and investigatory staff, would be in an excellent position to get to the bottom of this issue.  Let me be clear. I am not in a position to tell the FTC what to do. And I am not proposing to impose new requirements on them through legislation. I am simply saying that if the FTC chose to look into this, I think its conclusions would carry a lot of weight. In my opinion, the FTC's involvement here, on a purely investigatory basis, could make an important contribution to our understanding of what goes on in the airline industry.  I think there is that potential. To do any really serious analysis, the FTC would need cooperation from the Department of Transportation for important data and statistics. Clearly, the sharing of data would be more efficient and cost effective than having the FTC try to duplicate all the extensive data gathering that the Department of Transportation has already done.  My fear is that everything could get bogged down in institutional jealousies and jurisdictional squabbles. If the Department of Transportation chose not to cooperate, the FTC's effort would be slowed tremendously or even stalled entirely.  The good news is, I don't see any legitimate reason why the Department of Transportation shouldn't cooperate. As chair of the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee, is the Senator aware of anything in this year's funding bill or in any other law governing the Department that would prevent it from cooperating, in the event that FTC chose to pursue one or more airline-related investigations?  