He and I have discussed at length the concern that I have that is shared by Senator Smith of Oregon. I want to take a minute or two to describe what is so important to us and have a discussion briefly with the distinguished majority leader.  In my home State of Oregon, we have not been able to do a covert investigation into dangerous criminal activity such as terrorism in more than a year. The hands of our prosecutors are tied. Senator Smith and I, along with a number of other colleagues and prosecutors, believe very strongly that it is critically important as part of this antiterrorism effort that we allow the prosecutors to go forward and do wiretaps, stings, and essentially undercover operations. We have not been able to get such a provision into thisantiterrorism legislation because of the work of the House.  Senator Daschle has been exceptionally supportive, as have Senator Hatch and Senator Leahy. The Senate is united on this matter. The Senate has agreed in its entirety. For reasons that are inexplicable to this Member of the Senate, the House has been unwilling to untie the hands of Federal prosecutors in my home State.  The question then is: Why should every Senator care about what is happening in the State of Oregon? The reason I feel so strongly about this is that if we learned one thing on September 11, it is that if the terrorists get sanctuary anywhere, Americans are in trouble everywhere because we saw on September 11 the terrorists set up shop in New Jersey, they set up shop in Florida, and they ended up murdering Americans in New York City and in the Pentagon and in Pennsylvania.  As a result of the work that was done on the foreign operations appropriations legislation, again, to the credit of Senator Daschle, Senator Leahy, and Senator Smith, Senator Leahy added the original bill that I authored. Senator Smith and I have teamed up on this, and it is now in the foreign operations appropriations legislation that passed this body.  What is different tonight and why I am not objecting is that the White House has now indicated for the first time that they will support in the foreign operations appropriations legislation what Senator Smith and I have crafted.  We have also been able to, in discussions with Senator Daschle, have an opportunity to let him discuss his views on it. He has renewed his commitment to me that we will have the united support of the Senate on the foreign operations appropriations bill, and if, in fact, the House junks this on the foreign operations appropriations bill in spite of the administration's effort, Senator Daschle, to his credit, has renewed his support for this effort and has been kind enough to give me this time to state my reservation.  I would like to have him briefly describe his views on this matter.  