GRAHAM. In just a moment when I complete my remarks, I will be pleased to yield.  The reality is that what we are about here, for those who are new to this issue, is the fact that time is on the side of the distant sellers. Right now, a relatively small percentage of American retail sales are conducted over the Internet, but that percentage has been growing every year. Already the distant sellers have acquired enough influence to cause the House of Representatives to take the action it has taken and to build considerable support within the Senate for an extension of the moratorium without any mechanism to deal with the discrimination against Main Street and the discrimination against the children and the other citizens who depend upon State and local government for fundamental services such as education and police.  The secret of those who would like to effectively make this discrimination against Main Street permanent is they want to continue moratorium after moratorium until the percentage of people who are using the Internet is so great that there will be no political constituency to deal with this discrimination.  I state for myself and I believe for others that we consider this to be a core issue of the future of federalism in America; that we have to have strong State and local governments, and we have to depend upon them to make decisions appropriate to their people. State and local governments, as one who served there for 20 years, do not like taxing their people. They are as sensitive to that as we are in Washington, maybe more so.  We should not deny them the capacity to make the decisions that are in the best interest of their people. That is a fundamental part of our federalist system, that different levels of government have responsibilities and must accept the obligation of those responsibilities, including the appropriate way to finance them.  So this is, as I say, a very basic issue. I, for one, will insist before we extend this moratorium beyond the very short period as suggested by the Senator from North Dakota that any longer extension must be linked to a process, not a solution but a process, to move us towards the resolution of this fundamental discrimination that exists within our Nation and within our economy today.  I yield to the Senator from Oregon for his question.  