The fact is Bonneville and the other public entities would not get priority over claims of secured creditors, for example, because my colleague has been speaking about creditors and the utilities tonight, and Bonneville gets no preference.  All we are saying is that coming out of bankruptcy, there has to be a plan to pay back government agencies. It does not say there has to be a plan to give the people of the Pacific Northwest first crack. It does not say there has to be a plan making Bonneville, again, a preferred creditor. It just says there must be a piece of paper that makes sure the people to whom you sent that thank-you letter, that really gracious thank-you letter where you thanked them in all capital letters--you said, ``Thank you, Pacific Northwest''--all we are saying is that at some point those people you said thank you to should have something that would indicate they are not going to get stiffed but will eventually get paid back.  I hope overnight our staffs can work together on this point. You are right; we do have a philosophical difference, and it was expressed by Senator Boxer. Senator Boxer said she did not want the people of her State, good and caring people--my colleague knows I went to Stanford, so I know something about her State--she did not want the people of her State to be essentially scofflaws and not pay their bills.  If I may engage my colleague briefly, I want to make clear that overnight we are anxious to work with you on, for example, the idea of giving you a reasonable period of time before this legislation would kick in, and perhaps my colleague has other ideas because over the last couple of weeks we have made it clear that we want to work with her on this.  Senator Boxer made the point, and correctly so, that on the west coast ours is a power system that is interconnected. It is a grid that serves the people of the West. There is a tangible reason for us to work together.  It does not create much confidence, nor build a lot of credibility, for us to come to the floor of the Senate and say: Southern California Edison, which sent $5 billion overseas is against what Senator Smith, Senator Boxer, and I want to do, and the people of the Pacific Northwest ought to trust them and others who botched the job in the first place to let it all work out.  