I am joined by Senators Alexander, Inhofe, Bond, Voinovich, Snowe, Begich, Gregg, Brown of Massachusetts, Murkowski, Coburn, Thune, and Corker in supporting this amendment.  On April 22, the EPA's new lead paint rule went into effect. As I explained to my colleagues yesterday, unfortunately the EPA completely botched the implementation of this important rule. This rule is intended to make sure that lead-based paint is removed safely from our homes and, thus, it requires those involved in house renovations to participate in a training course in the proper removal of lead-based paint, and then be certified.  Unfortunately, the EPA did not plan well for the implementation of this new rule. Across our country, it did not have in place the necessary trainers and classes so that individuals could be trained to comply with this new rule.  What our amendment would do is to delay the fines that would apply in cases of violations of this new rule until September 30. Indeed, it would prohibit the EPA from imposing these fines, which are as high as $37,500 per day per violation for violating this rule.  I want to make clear that I support efforts to rid our homes of toxic lead-based paint in a safe manner. But it is simply not fair to impose these burdensome, onerous fines on contractors who have been unable to get the EPA-provided training because the EPA did such a lousy job in planning for implementation of this new rule.  In my State, for example, as of last week, we have only three EPA trainers to certify contractors for the entire State. As a result, only about 10 percent of the State's contractors have been certified. Hundreds of home renovators have had their names on waiting lists, some for as long as 2 months, but they simply cannot get the necessary training, and that is through no fault of their own.  I note that my amendment has been endorsed by the National Federation of Independent Business, our Nation's leading small business advocacy organization. It has been endorsed by the Window & Door Manufacturers Association and the National Lumber and Building Material Dealers Association.  