President, as I listened this afternoon to Senator Gregg's farewell address, I thought about how much all of us who have been privileged to serve with him will miss his wisdom. But for me, the loss will be even more intense, for there is no one to whom I have turned more often for advice during the past 14 years than my neighbor from New Hampshire--unless, of course, it was his wife Kathy, who also gave very good advice.  Judd's extraordinary knowledge of so many issues, his keen insights into policy and politics, and his abiding friendship have meant so much to me. I trulycannot imagine a debate in this Chamber about the budget, spending, entitlement programs, or taxes without his leading it. Given his strong work ethic, his commitment to the prosperity of future generations, and his unwavering dedication to doing what is right, I am confident his clear call for action on our fiscal crisis will continue to be heard and to be influential in the debates ahead of us.  Raised in a family devoted to public service, Congressman, Governor, and now Senator Gregg has always been guided by the principle that the public interest is paramount and the public's trust is essential. As a strong voice for fiscal discipline and a champion of bipartisan solutions, Senator Gregg has always upheld those principles.  Senator Gregg faced up to the looming entitlement crisis and our inequitable tax system by introducing comprehensive, bipartisan bills to address both concerns. His sponsorship of legislation early this year to establish a bipartisan commission on fiscal responsibility brought to the forefront of the national debate our debt--a debt that America can no longer ignore.  Senator Gregg's service on the President's commission demonstrated his determination to present to the American people an analysis of the tough choices we must face and the means to return to fiscal sanity. As always, Judd has been dedicated to one goal: ensuring that our country's children and grandchildren inherit a just and prosperous nation where the American dream can still be a reality for millions of hard-working families. The idea of saddling future generations with trillions in unpaid bills has always been an anathema to Senator Gregg.  Although fiscal issues have been Judd's passion, the soaring and unsustainable debt has not been his only focus. For example, two years ago, Senator Gregg helped lead a coalition that called for a bipartisan national summit to develop an energy strategy for our country. He recognized and warned against our over-reliance on foreign oil as a threat to our Nation that forces one energy crisis after another on the businesses and families of our great country. Senator Gregg has been a powerful advocate for a common-sense, achievable energy policy that balances increased domestic production, conservation, and the development of alternative and renewable fuels. As his colleague from New Hampshire mentioned, Judd's work to preserve open space in New Hampshire has led to the conservation and protection of more than 330,000 acres of sensitive land, leaving a tangible legacy for future generations to enjoy.  Senator Gregg is also committed to strengthening our national security. In 2005, I was honored to join with him and thousands of people throughout Maine and New Hampshire in saving the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, which is, by the way, in Kittery, ME, not Portsmouth, NH, but it was indeed a joint effort. Standing together under Senator Gregg's leadership, our two delegations, working with the people of our two States, prevailed. In addition to saving the shipyard, Judd has been in the forefront in strengthening and modernizing it. Thanks to his efforts, the U.S. Navy submarine fleet remains unsurpassed as our Nation's shield and our sword.  As chairman for years of the Homeland Security Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator Gregg recognized the threat we faced from radical Islamic terrorism, and he ensured that the resources were provided to help protect our homeland, while eliminating funding that was ineffective or extravagant.  This is quite a career. Throughout his long and distinguished life in public service, Judd Gregg has been a champion of good government, an independent and creative thinker, and a bipartisan problem solver. He has fought for the public interests and has earned the public's trust. I know that, not only the people of New Hampshire and Maine, who know him well, but people all across this great country join me today in thanking Senator Judd Gregg for his exceptional leadership, countless accomplishments, and fierce dedication to our country and the State he loves so much. We wish both Judd and Kathy all the best.  Thank you.  