 It is, of course, with sorrow that I rise to offer these words on the tragic passing of Senator Stevens, but it is also with a sense of gratitude and fondness that I remember him and that I celebrate his dedicated service to our Nation, to his beloved State, and to the Senate. My thoughts and prayers remain with the Stevens family and with the families of the others who perished in that heartbreaking accident.  In 1999, Senator Stevens was named ``Alaskan of the Century.'' It was a fitting tribute to a man who, though not Alaskan by birth, became one with every ounce of his spirit, energy, and determination.  In 1953, with his heroic military service behind him and fresh out of law school, he drove from Washington, DC, to Fairbanks, AK, in the middle of the winter to begin his first job in his new profession. He soon was appointed U.S. Attorney and quickly established a reputation as a courageous and diligent prosecutor. Returning to Washington 3 years later to accept a position in the Department of the Interior, he took on the cause of Alaskan statehood as the cause of his life.  In 1959, his relentless efforts were rewarded with success. He served with distinction in the brand-new Alaska State Legislature and joined the Senate 9 years later. In this city, he was known as ``Mr. Alaska.'' Back home, he was simply ``Uncle Ted.'' His devotion to his constituents in matters large and small, and in all corners of that vast State, was unsurpassed.  Let me return to his military service for a moment, for I believe it offers a clear view of his character and his patriotism. In 1942, with America plungedinto war, Ted volunteered to become a Navy aviator, but was rejected due to problems with his vision. Rather than admit defeat, he embarked on a course of rigorous eye exercises and earned his way into the Army Air Corps, scoring near the top of his training class. His assignment--to fly cargo over the towering Himalayas to the legendary Flying Tigers--was extraordinarily dangerous. His valor earned him two Distinguished Flying Crosses and two Air Medals, as well as military honors from the government of Nationalist China. As in all things, Lt. Ted Stevens let no obstacle bar his way.  I was privileged to work alongside this extraordinary Senator on the Homeland Security Committee. On every issue, Senator Stevens demonstrated great knowledge and commitment to protecting our Nation and our people. As just one example, he was instrumental in passage of the SAFE Ports Act of 2006 to secure the seaports that are so essential to our Nation's prosperity and security.  Alaska and Maine are separated by a great many miles, but our two States have much in common, including spectacular scenery, and rugged, self-reliant people. Our States also share a connection to the sea that is central to our history and our future. From the Magnuson-Stevens Fisheries Conservation and Management Act of 1976, to his work to protect marine mammals, Senator Stevens demonstrated a deep commitment to the hardworking people who sustain countless coastal communities and an abiding respect for the natural resources that bless us all.  Since his passing, tributes have poured in from across America. Some serve as valuable reminders of his commitment to a broad range of interests. Olympic athletes and those who aspire to that level of achievement know that his Amateur Sports Act of 1978 brought the dream of competing on the world stage within reach of all, regardless of financial circumstances. Female athletes celebrate his support of title IX, which leveled the playing field for women in sports. Cancer survivors remember him as a champion of research, testing, and education in that dread disease. Alaska Natives and Native Americans throughout the Nation recall him as a true friend.  Mr. President, 3 years ago, Ted Stevens became the longest-serving Republican in Senate history. His service has inspired many who seek to serve their States in public office. We will remember him always, and may God bless Ted and comfort his family, his friends, and those of us who were privileged to serve with him.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Udall of New Mexico). The Senator from Georgia is recognized.  