Chairman, I move to strike the last word.  I rise with my colleagues at this very special moment to pay tribute to the dean of the Ohio delegation, always to me our good friend Congressman Louis Stokes. For myself personally, and I know for every single other member of the Ohio delegation, from our great buckeye State, when we came to Congress, Lou Stokes was here. He has always been here. For us as Members, for our State, to imagine Ohio without Lou Stokes is to imagine an Ohio with a piece of its heart missing. And this particular moment of tribute is one of those moments in Congress that each of us who has had the pleasure of working and knowing this man will not forget.  Others have detailed the congressional service of our good friend, Lou Stokes, but perhaps it is important to remember that when he was elected to the Committee on Appropriations he was the first African-American ever to serve on this very, very important committee of cardinals rising to be a cardinal in his own right.  I think as a woman having had to overcome some of the barriers in my own life, I can somewhat identify, but certainly not completely, with what that must have felt like. I think what has always amazed me about Lou Stokes is what a gentleman he has been. I think the kind of elegance with which he carries himself, the kind of elegance that causes his grandchildren to really smile at him with open eyes, is a quality that all of us truly admire and wish that we had ourselves.  I think if we look at all of the programs over which he has had jurisdiction within the Committee on Appropriations itself, whether it was the National Institutes of Health and the types of studies that are done there to recognize the types of illnesses that afflict all segments of our population, or whether we are talking about who should go on to college and who has the opportunity to become all they can be, or if we are talking about in fact the history of the U.S. military and the complete renovation of sections of Arlington Cemetery, long before the movie glory ever came out, Lou Stokes was there.  Certainly, the people of Cleveland have every right to be proud that two of their sons helped change the history of this country.  Now, Lou and I share a great affection for our families, and particularly our mothers, and I guess my one regret in knowing Lou is I never got to know his mother and Carl's mother. Because what a mother she must have been to raise those two boys in the shadow of inner city Cleveland. He took us by the housing project one day when we were touring Cleveland on a brownfields tour, and to imagine that that household, that home would have brought this man to Congress at the time that he came, the time that he came. The wounds in America of race will not heal over in my lifetime, but I know that I have met someone who has helped heal those wounds for our country.  As I have said in other venues and I will say here for the record, I think one of the memories that I will have of Lou that I never expected to have, came from one of our quiet subcommittee meetings one day in this particular committee, Veterans, HUD, NASA, NSF, EPA, when we were listening to the witnesses from Arlington Cemetery who were bringing in the books, the ledgers of those who had served our country and were buried in Arlington, and they brought in these dusty volumes.  I remember opening them up, and I was sitting next to Chairman Stokes at that time, and he opened up to one of the pages and we began to read, and we looked in such-and-such a section and at this particular plot, at who was buried. And the ledger read, no name, no name, no name. Those who had fought in the Civil War who for all of history had remained unnamed simply because they were people of color. Through his efforts, in fact, that section of Arlington has now been restored and we have recently witnessed a major statue unveiling in this city and all kinds of national programs and so forth, but Lou Stokes was there at the head of the queue long before the rest of the country was.  I know that we in Ohio who have a history of trying to remember the underground railroad know that through his efforts here as we begin to save that history and enshrine that history for all time, the 21st century will in fact be different from the 20th and the 19th, and so as just one buckeye and one member of this great Congress, I want to say to my good friend, Lou Stokes of Cleveland, thank you. Thank you on behalf of this Congress; thank you on behalf of the people of the State of Ohio that you have done proud here. Thank you on behalf of your mother and your brother for serving our country when you could have done so many other things with the gifts that life has given you. It has been an honor to serve with you. You have taught me much. You will always be the Congressman from the great City of Cleveland.  