Speaker, I yield two minutes to the very able and dedicated gentlewoman from Connecticut(Ms. DeLauro), who works harder than any other Member of this chamber on most days.  Ms. DeLAURO. Mr. Speaker, let me say thank you to my good friend and colleague, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), for yielding me time and for the wonderfully high compliment. I am much appreciative. I also would like to recognize the gentleman from New Mexico (Chairman Skeen) and our ranking member, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), for their outstanding work to bring this conference report to the floor.  I am pleased to rise in support of the conference report. The report omits dangerous language which would have had the chilling effect of slowing or stopping research on drugs to treat cancer, ulcers, hypertension, rheumatoid arthritis and many other serious illnesses. Science, not politics, should dictate whether drugs are approved and made available to the patients whose lives depend on them. I am pleased that this conference report reaffirms that important principle.  The conference report also provides $4.2 billion in critical emergency aid to help agricultural families across this country recover from the terrible losses suffered due to disease, El Nino and other natural disasters, and from the Asian financial crisis and the loss of export markets. I voted in conference to increase these funds.  Farm communities are facing the worst agricultural crisis in a decade, and I believe that additional funds will be needed to address this crisis. However, I am pleased that the conference report takes an important step in the right direction to get aid to our farmers. Despite my desire for higher funding for disaster relief, WIC nutritional assistance, food safety and the FDA tobacco initiative, I would like to say thank you to the chairman and the ranking member for their hard work in putting this package together. I would also like to extend my thanks to the staff who have helped to make this possible. They make it possible for us to do our work.  