Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Sanders-Bachus-Miller-Stearns-Kaptur-Burton-DeFazio-Rohrabacher Kucinich-Paul-Stark-Owens amendment, and I do so for several reasons.  First of all, the amendment restores proper Congressional constitutional prerogatives over the spending of U.S. taxpayer dollars. These are our people's dollars. We have a legitimate role here to play in the Congress.  This is a eminently reasonable amendment, because it basically says the administration has latitude up to $250 million, not small change by anyone's measure, but when you go over that limit, then you have to come and seek approval by this Congress, simply because those dollars are then used in order to assist foreign governments, banks, investors, many who have no role in electing the Members here. There are serious issues that we may have with those who would benefit from this type of wealth exchanging hands.  Let me mention that this particular fund, the Economic Stabilization Fund, was established by law in 1934, and its purpose, its legislative purpose as written by Congress, is to buy or sell currency in order to stabilize our dollar in current short-term crises. The fund was never meant to be used for medium-term loans or long-term loans or to prop up foreign governments, which is what it has been doing of late, to the magnitude that is currently being used just in the last couple of years, $20 billion, into the billions. It was never, ever intended for that purpose. We have back-doored our way into this practice.  This amendment basically prohibits any administration from putting billions of taxpayer dollars at risk in loans to other countries without the explicit approval of this Congress. And we well know what has been going on, whether we are talking about Korea or Russia or Mexico. We are talking about speculative investment that has fueled export-led development in those nations that cannot be sustained over time.  I think the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Vento) talked about the need for IMF reform. I completely agree, because we end up getting in these currency crises because the fundamental development policy is wrong. It is unsustainable internally in these countries, and it cannot be maintained.  We fight always to get a vote here on declarations of war, and it has been hard for the legislative branch over the decades to maintain its prerogatives under the Constitution. But that is not to say we should not do it. The same is true with economic policy. Yes, we may have to fight for our day in the sun, but, under our Constitution, we have that constitutional responsibility.  This amendment passed before in 1995 by a wide margin. Two hundred forty-five Members voted in favor of it. In fact, since that time it has not blocked any kind of assistance where it was essentially needed. So we are not trying to reinvent the wheel here.  I always wanted to say that it is very, very important that Members think about where these dollars go, and is it not as important for us to have oversight over billions of dollars that goes beyond our borders in the same way as we have oversight of millions that flow within these borders? We have GAO studies, and we have Congressional oversight committees, and we have all kinds of staff studies to take a look at where every single dollar goes in our health care financing programs and so forth, our food stamps, our defense spending. Why should we be any less rigorous when the money goes for foreign purposes?  We have received letters from leaders in the Parliament, for example, in Mexico City, talking about the serious financial problems Mexico currently faces because of the fact that the fundamental development policy was never changed. But we end up trying to bail out the speculators that prop up the real estate market and make investments that are not creditworthy. We then end up using the ESF fund to try to prop up a house of cards that cannot stands on its own.  In closing, I just want to read a couple lines from the letter that camefrom this particular Secretary of Treasury.  