Speaker, I rise today to recognize the lifetime of contributions that Mr. Jack Sizemore has made to our community and district. On this, the occasion of his retirement, I wish to thank this tireless advocate for the workers and families of our community for his ardent support of our district and Northwest Ohio. The position from which he is retiring, Director of Region 2-B of the United Auto Workers Union and member of the UAW International Executive Board, represents the pinnacle of a long and dedicated career.  Born and educated in Toledo, at Whitener High School. The University of Toledo, Mr. Sizemore went to work as a precision grinder in the same Dana Corporation plant that employed his father producing heavy-duty transmissions. He wasted no time becoming involved in the union, UAW Local 12, and won election as a steward in the Dana Unit one year after beginning his employment. Three years later, he was elected as a member of the unit's shop committee and a UAW Convention delegate.  When the UAW Dana National Negotiating Committee was founded in 1967, Mr. Sizemore was on board as a member. He participated in national bargaining with the committee until 1974. He was also Vice President of the UAW Dana Council and Chairperson of the Dana Unit Shop Committee during that same time. Before being elected as Director of UAW Region 2-B in 1986, he served as International Representative and Assistant Director. Throughout his career he has fought for the Herment of The standard of living for all our citizenry.  Mr. Sizemore's presence has not been limited to the labor community. He has given his time and energy in the education, sports and business circles of Toledo. He is a member of the University of Toledo Board of Trustees, the Private Industry council of Toledo, the Board of Trustees of the United Way and St. Vincent Hospital, to name a few. He is also active in the Democratic party, serving on the State Executive Committee and Democratic National Committee.  During all this service, he and his wife, Carol, have raised eight children and are enjoying the blessing of fifteen grandchildren. As he completes his tenure as dealership of the United Auto Workers, our entire community warmly congratulates him for his steady leadership and careful negotiating skills that have retained jobs, upgraded our way of life, and given strength to the cause of workers throughout our nation. Godspeed to Jack and Carol and their family in years hence