Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I wanted to say with all due respect to the gentleman from Oklahoma who is offering this amendment, I respect his sincerity and the ferver with which he approaches this. As someone who does not support Federal funding of abortion myself, I have studied his proposal carefully. I am opposing him for three reasons, and I ask my colleagues to give me forbearance on this.  The first is, as ranking member of this particular committee, number one, this issue never came before us. We have not had one hearing, certainly not at the subcommittee level. The FDA never referenced it in its testimony. Then when we went to the full committee, this was never considered. There have been absolutely no hearings on this matter, which is a very serious scientific and medical as well as moral issue, and I think it is inappropriate to try to attach it to this agriculture bill. We have never been faced with this on this subcommittee before.  Secondly, I really do not think that at this point in the deliberations in this Committee of the Whole that we are going to make the proper, objective scientific judgment. Congress has never, and I underline, never previously legislated the approval or disapproval of any particular drug over which the FDA has responsibility for review. These decisions on the appropriateness of medical devices and medications are based in the agency solely on the scientific evidence available. None of that has been presented to any single Member here, with perhaps the exception of the author of the amendment. I do not know. But we certainly have not had the benefit of that.  Thirdly, let me say that though the laws of our country say that abortion under certain circumstances is legal, certainly when the life of the mother is at stake, if this particular pill or medication or drug would somehow alleviate pain and suffering, there is no reason that we should in those circumstances disallow the FDA, with as little testimony as we have had on this and as little experience as we have had as a subcommittee and a full committee to deal with this, which actually should be in the authorizing committee, there is no reason that we should for any single life in this country deny that family the ability to have access to that medication if they would need it. But I really do not think that that should be the debate here today.  Based on the lack of hearings in our own committee, and with respect for the chairman of our committee with a desire to try to have decent scientific evidence, full hearings on the matter, and finally not to deny any family that might find this necessary as a way to alleviate pain and suffering of the mother, I think voting for the amendment would be ill-advised at this time.  