Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time.  Just this week Levi Strauss announced the layoff of 6,395 U.S. workers at 11 plants. Kodak has announced plans to lay off up to 14,000 workers, and hundreds of workers at Huffy Bicycle in Celina, Ohio have just gotten the pink slip.  By voting no on extending fast track authority today, this House has the opportunity to redefine U.S. trade negotiating policy from one which gives away the store to one which establishes an international trade regime of fair and reciprocal trade with our trade competitors.  Just look at the evidence on agriculture. The consultation provisions included in this bill have no practical effect. They mean nothing. Just with our NAFTA trading partners on this continent, what had been a surplus has now turned into a $2 billion negative balance, adversely impacting our agricultural trade sector. Existing trade agreements adversely affect U.S. farmers by lack of inspection on food safety, surges in agriculture imports, an inadequate trade dispute resolution system, and no way to hedge currency fluctuations.  Overall since the Trade Act of 1974, where fast track was first approved, our trade deficit has moved from $9 billion to $220 billion.  Vote no on fast track. Stand up for the U.S. standard of living.  By voting no on every Fast Track authority today, the House has the opportunity to redefine U.S. trade negotiating policy--from one which gives away the store--to one that establishes an international trade regime of fair and reciprocal trade agreements between our nation and our trading competitors.  Look at the evidence on agriculture provisions: The consultation provisions in the modifications made to H.R. 2621 in regard to agriculture issues have no practical effect. Just with our NAFTA trading partners, what has been a surplus imports rose by $3 billion and exports by only $1 billion--a $2 billion negative impact on our agricultural trade balance. Take the Florida tomato industry, for instance. In 1991, Florida had 300 tomato producers. In 1995, there were only 75.  The problems existing trade agreements have created that adversely affect U.S. farmers include: Lack of inspection of food imports; Surges in agricultural imports; An inadequate trade dispute resolution system; and Currency fluctuations.  Overall, since the Trade Act of 1974, implementation of fast track, the U.S. has suffered a negative merchandise trade balance. From $9 billion in 1976 to an estimated $220 billion in 1998.  The problem is not trade but our trade policy. Our trade policy serves the needs of nominally American multinational corporations whose business visions and plans are global in scope and which maintain no national allegiance. Our trade policy has failed America's small businesses families, America's working families, and America's consumers.  When a multinational conglomerate moves a factory overseas, the local grocery doesn't go with it. The auto parts store loses its customers. Small supplier companies lost their customer. American small business hurts. Real wages for American working people have fallen since 1973. Consumers pay as much for an Arrow shirt made in Thailand as for the same shirt made in the U.S.  Fast Track is not required for good trade agreements. It is required to get bad trade deals through Congress.  This Administration has negotiated 220 plus trade agreements without fast track. The fast track bill we consider today actually puts limits on the President's negotiating options rather than giving him a free hand to negotiate.  Our trade balance with MERCOSUR countries has steadily improved since 1990 (from -$3.2 billion to +$9.2 billion in 1996) without a free trade agreement. MERCOSUR countries have an average tariff of 14%.  China is touted as the great new market for American exports. The average annual income in China is $2,200. China has many tariffs on consumer goods of 40% or higher. Imports to China have to survive an obstacle course of non-tariff barriers including import regulations that are not even published. China demands technology transfers to accompany the importation of high-value-added goods in order to develop domestic competition.  NAFTA's promises have proved illusory. Our trade surplus with Mexico has become a $16 billion trade deficit. NAFTA has eliminated 400,000 job opportunities in the U.S. The labor and environmental side agreements have provide toothless and unworkable. Just this week Levi Strauss announced the layoff of 6,395 workers at 11 plants and Kodak has announced plans to lay off up to 14,000 U.S. workers; 100's at Huffy Bicycle in Celina, Ohio.  NAFTA has failed Mexico. The Mexican standard of living has been cut by 50% Maquiladoras have increased not decreased and their employees live in squalor. Most U.S. exports to Mexico turn around and come back as imports. The Mexican market for U.S. exports has been a disappointment.  The solution is a U.S. trade policy that demands reciprocal treatment of labor and environmental issues on a par with market access and tariff issues.  Vote no on fast track!!!  