Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Skaggs) for yielding me this time, and I want to lend my strong support to the Skaggs provision in the bill, though I will oppose final passage of the bill because it puts the costs on the backs of the elderly and Section 8 contract renewals across this country.  Mr. Chairman, I support the Skaggs provision completely, and just wanted to say for the record how heartily I congratulate the gentleman. I also want to say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Murtha), my good friend, as well as others on the committee who may not agree with us, when I was first elected to Congress, having been a child of the Vietnam era and watching my friends shot to death and come home dismembered and so forth, I made a promise that I would never be a part of a Congress that sent our troops into battle without a vote.  I think all of us understood what that war did to this country, dividing us even until today. Many high level elected officials, sometimes rising as high as the Presidency of the United States, not wanting to reflect on that experience, still being afraid of it and all the feelings that it dredges up. 50,000 people killed in Vietnam, over 54,000 since that time by death through suicide. It was an experience that none of us alive today should ever forget.  Mr. Chairman, I decided I could never be here and allow that type of back-door war to occur again. And yet I experienced the Persian Gulf buildup as a Member of this Congress and was a party to a suit filed by 52 colleagues to force President Bush to come to this Congress. There was no prouder moment. Judge Green said in his ruling when we went to court that the Court had no hesitation in concluding that an offensive entry into Iraq by several hundred thousand servicemen could be described as war within the meaning of Article I, Section 8, Clause 11.  I think that this Congress has no more serious constitutional responsibility and obligation than to vote on any offensive military action. I want to say to the gentleman from Colorado, I really congratulate him in his closing months here as a Member of the House for having the courage to bring this up and having this country and its people meet its constitutional obligations.  