Chairman, I move to strike the requisite number of words.  Mr. Chairman, I rise to support the Obey motion to strike this language. I came to the floor with a somewhat open mind, not having been active on this particular provision, but being concerned about it, as we moved through the appropriations process. I underline ``appropriations process.''  I think about some of the other authorizing language on this appropriations bill and how we have arrived at that language. For example, when the gentleman from Washington (Mr. Nethercutt) brought up the proposal that is now incorporated in the bill that dealt with lifting agriculture from the sanctions mandate in Pakistan, there was give-and-take on the committee. Members did not agree, but ultimately, by the time we got to the floor, we were able to work out our concerns on that authorizing language on this bill.  The same is true with the civil rights provisions in this bill. We technically should not have those provisions in this bill. We recognized a national need. There were differences of opinion. We had problems finding the money, shifting accounts, but we did it together on a bipartisan basis.  What is troubling to me, in a bill that is very, very broadly acceptable in this Chamber, is we now have a provision that was incorporated as authorizing language dealing with a very, very important subject where thousands and thousands and thousands of livelihoods are at stake. And a Member like myself, who comes from the State of Ohio, where many of our dairy farmers have already been wiped out, so in a sense we are more neutral than other places because we are not as impacted directly as some of the others that are still struggling in their regions, but what troubles me is, when I see charts by our chairman of the full committee, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Livingston), who has some piece of the truth, and someone else has a piece of the dream over here from Wisconsin and maybe another one from Massachusetts, that we are really not doing our best legislatively to present a bill here that has accommodated the differences in bringing it to the floor.  So though I like some of what I hear in the way that the compact works to the advantage to preserve farming in the northeastern part of the country, this is really, thus far, the only part of the bill that has come before us here where there is this kind of major disagreement. It makes me concerned about the manner in which this particular provision was put into this appropriations bill. That is not how we work.  We had a couple amendments offered in the committee at the subcommittee level. But truly, we did not have the working relationship that we did on the other issues. I just wanted to put that on the record because it is too important to ignore.  Frankly, it should come through the authorizing committee, not the Committee on Appropriations, because this thing is extremely complicated and delicate. And no matter what we do, if we are not careful here, somebody, lots of somebodies are going to be hurt, whether it is directly farm families, whether it is consumers. And I guess I feel, as ranking member on this subcommittee, extremely uncomfortable that we could not have handled this particular measure in the same way as we did the other authorizing language that has been put on our bill where differences were worked out.  This is extremely controversial. And because of it, because I am sensing that a major set of interests around our country feel that they have not been properly accommodated, I will support the Obey amendment.  I would beg of the chairman of the full committee, in view of what he has said here, and the chairman of the Committee on Rules, to exercise their will in the same way as was done on some of the other issues that are in this bill, because no part of this country, no set of working people, no farmers, no consumers should be harmed by what we do here.  I have grave doubts as I have listened. And therefore, I will support the Obey amendment.  