Speaker, I rise tonight to bring recognition to the important topic of mental illness. In fact, during this month of October, our Nation is disposed to do our best to raise awareness about the tragic lack of proper care for those among us who are suffering daily from the most severe mental illnesses.  More than 5 million of our fellow citizens suffer from these debilitating, severe mental illnesses. Unfortunately, far too many people are not receiving the proper diagnosis, treatment, or strong community care they need to lead quality and stable lives in our country.  The current practice of psychiatric care in our country has spawned growing homelessness, neglect, as well as violence since deinstitutionalization of patients occurred over two decades ago with no community follow-up.  I am working with several women members, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. Roukema), the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Capps) of California, such a leader in this effort, who is here with us this evening, and the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Mrs. Johnson).  All of us are trying very hard to establish a House working group on serious mental illness. This House working group would be responsible for examining the State of our mental health system, especially those who are not being adequately treated with resulting neglect and even violence.  We had an example of that here in our own Capitol with the tragic slaying of two of our officers, Gibson and Chestnut, less than 2 months ago.  This group would hold hearings and gather testimony about what America can do. This week, we are also introducing a sense of Congress resolution regarding the seriousness of mental illness and the need for Congress to establish this working group.  We intend to reintroduce this resolution in the next Congress and ask the Women's Caucus of this House to help us spearhead our efforts.  I urge all Members to support the establishment of this House working group on mental illness as well as our sense of Congress resolution.  Mr. Speaker, I am more than pleased to yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Capps), our very capable and caring colleague.  