Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I wanted to point out, one of the previous speakers expressed some concerns about the budget. I just want to say that of all the subcommittees in this House, this Subcommittee on Agriculture has taken more cuts, has laid off more people, over 10,000 at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, has consolidated more offices at the local level, has had to cap research dollars below levels at which we would prefer to fund them. We have had to cut back on our trade promotion programs at a time when we are having trouble with exports.  If we look at the choices that we have had to make, there has been no more responsible committee or subcommittee in this Congress than this Subcommittee on Agriculture. If one is concerned about attempting to deal with balancing the budget, we have done more than our fair share.  I would hope that the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Coburn), in trying to find a true answer to this, could look across accounts, including to some of the accounts that are outside the jurisdiction of this committee.  This is an issue that the Committee on the Budget should have dealt with. We do not have a budget resolution this year. Why should the farmers and ranchers of this country be asked to pay the price of the Committee on the Budget inside this Congress that did not do its job?  It just seems to me that we have taken the hits, substantial hits in this committee at a time when rural America is crying out to us for attention. It would be a travesty not to meet our public obligations to the people who are producing the real wealth of this country simply because some procedural group inside this Congress, not this subcommittee, and not this full committee, did not do their job.  So, I think we have a higher calling here today with this motion to instruct. We welcome the gentleman's support and ideas as we move forward here. But, please, understand what is going on on this budget situation. It is not the work of this subcommittee, nor the full committee, nor in fact the Committee on Agriculture of this Congress, but other problems that we are facing in other venues here. There is no reason we could penalize the farmers and ranchers of this country because of the inaction of some elements of this institution and the other body.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm).  