Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to note again that the motion to instruct does not set a dollar level. There was a reference by the prior speaker of $521 million. The motion to instruct does not address the adequacy of the funding level. All it does is says that this assistance should be in the form of emergency spending as in past supplemental bills that have dealt with defense, for example. So it does not set a level.  Let me also place on the record if I might some of the figures that have been given to us from various States in the union. For example, in the State of Georgia, where the farmers and ranchers have been subjected to freezes, floods, and now drought through much of last year and this year, farmgate losses there are estimated to be three-quarters of a billion dollars, over $767 million as estimated by the University of Georgia extension economists.  The gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. Pomeroy) talked a lot about the losses in North Dakota. I know that the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Peterson) will shortly be addressing the Minnesota situation and the Red River Valley in general.  But the amount of flooded acres are at historic levels over several years with the compounding factor of wheat Scab there and of course record low prices that are even putting a further downdraft on farm income and productivity in all of these places.  If we look across the country, USDA, as well as private forecasters, are not expecting price conditions to do any better for the near future due to freezes, floods, droughts, hurricanes, fires and for sure the Asian financial crisis which is affecting our markets and our ability to sell.  We know that up to a quarter of the farmers in many States will not get financing to put in a crop this fall or next spring and bankers are calling in and asking the U.S. Department of Agriculture to provide assistance.  So this is not a problem that is diminishing. This is a problem that appears to be growing as we move through 1998. Texas losses already are at over $2 billion as our esteemed colleagues, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Stenholm) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Hinojosa) have reminded us.  We have drought currently spreading from the southwest up to parts of Kansas, Missouri, Arkansas; in the southeast all the way to Virginia where over 400,000 acres are affected by drought. We have fires in Florida. We have seen those on television and even floods in my own home State in Ohio as well as Michigan. So this is a national problem that demands a national solution.  Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to our distinguished colleague, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Minge). I thank the gentleman so very much for coming down and for his leadership throughout this past year on these issues of concern to our farmers and ranchers.  