President.  I would like to echo the comments of Senator Grassley. I really believe this vote of 97 to 1 is a tribute to his patience, endurance, and hard work. It has been a joy to be with him as part of this process. We have serious differences on many aspects of this bill. I am sure we will continue to debate them. But the core bill is a bill which I was happy to support because I think it is a more reasonable approach to reforming bankruptcy. We attempt to reform it in the responsible way, trying to stop the abuses in filing in the bankruptcy court and at the same time calling on the credit industry to acceptsome responsibility for those risky credit practices which lure unwitting consumers into a trap from which they cannot escape.  I want to give acknowledgment as well to staff who have made this bill possible. Seated to my left is Victoria Bassetti, my staff attorney on the Judiciary Committee, who has spent more time looking at the bankruptcy code than almost anything else in the past year; Anne McCormick, who is with us as a detailee from the Department of Justice, who has done an extraordinary job; on the majority side, John McMickle and Kolan Davis have become friends during the course of this debate and have added greatly to the work product; Makan Delrahim and Rene Augustine of Senator Hatch's staff; Kara Stein and Brooke Byers of Senator Dodd's staff; Ed Pagano of Senator Leahy's staff; Kristi Lee of Senator Sessions' staff; and Brian Lee of Senator Kohl's staff; as well as Joel Wiginton, who once worked on my staff and now serves Senator Feingold. They all have added to the value of this bill. I thank each and every one of them.  I would like to just note four or five things that I am particularly proud of in this legislation.  We have worked back and forth in the banking industry, as well as with experts in the law, to come to a good conclusion about the ways to reduce abuse when it comes to bankruptcy filings.  We have added some provisions here which I think many consumers will appreciate because it really does bring more balance to this endeavor.  With the help of Senator Dodd, who is in the Chamber today, as well as Senator Sarbanes of Maryland, we have added some disclosure provisions to this bill which will make credit card statements clearer and make it more understandable when credit card companies solicit your business as to what you are going to have to do, how much you will have to pay in interest rates and what other conditions might be important to your relationship.  We have an amendment here I am particularly proud of on predatory home lending. These are those unscrupulous credit practices where lenders prey particularly on senior citizens, forcing them into a situation where they sign second mortgages on their home without any real understanding of what they are getting into. They lose the most important asset in their life because of these unscrupulous practices. This bill comes down hard on that kind of conduct.  We also have increased court supervision on reaffirmation. A person files for bankruptcy and says, Here is a debt which I will keep; I will continue to pay on it. For instance, a car loan because you need an automobile, or with a company that your family has done business with for generations. You reaffirm the debt. That is perfectly acceptable. It is something which should be encouraged where it works. But we say the court should look at it to make certain it is fair.  I salute Senator Sessions and Senator Kohl for the homestead exemption cap. The unlimited homestead exemption in a few states is the single worst abuse in the bankruptcy system. Our friends in the House saw it differently on a floor vote. It is up to us in conference to convince them that ours is a better way. We protect retirement income in bankruptcy, a concept which I pushed for and was happy to join with Senator Hatch in finally passing in this Chamber.  I thank Senator Feingold for his efforts to protect the poorest of the poor who file in bankruptcy. I also salute Senator Feinstein and others who have asked for studies which we think will improve credit practices in this country. And, finally, this bill provides for the creation of 18 new bankruptcy judgeships sorely needed in the States which will receive them.  This is the first major legislation I have had in the Chamber. I don't expect every one of them to pass 97 to 1, but it really is a good feeling to know that all of this work over this time has resulted in a truly bipartisan response to this important issue.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  