President, I rise today to speak in favor of the nomination of Dr. David Satcher to the position of Surgeon General. As many colleagues have noted, he is exceptionallywell qualified for this position. He has been involved, throughout his professional career, in a very broad range of health issues and has championed improvements in all the areas that he has been involved with.  I find it somewhat unusual that this appointment to an important position, though not a Cabinet-level position, seems to always attract such debate and such controversy. Certainly, we want someone with real leadership skill to serve as the Surgeon General; but why, time after time, do we find ourselves embroiled in a debate over who that person might be? Some critics will say it is the fault of President Clinton for bringing names before the Senate that are so controversial. Yet, I think if history serves me correctly, I believe Dr. Koop, an appointee of President Reagan's, was a controversial nominee. Dr. Koop caused a lot of people some concern. He had some rather strongly held personal views on a controversial issue, the issue of abortion. The Democratic-controlled Congress wrestled with his nomination and came to the conclusion that Dr. Koop's medical credentials and in the area of public health were so compelling that he should be given a chance to serve, even though a majority of the Democrats might disagree with his position on the issue of choice or abortion. It is a good thing we did because, despite our differences with Dr. Koop on that issue, he proved to be an exceptional leader on public health issues for America. In fact, some of the initiatives that Dr. Koop really spearheaded, I think, were so timely and so important that history will treat him very kindly. For example, alerting America at that moment in time to the dangers of HIV/AIDS was a controversial thing to do. Yet, he did it with the approval of the Reagan administration, at a time when it was appropriate. I think lives were saved as a result of that. So I have always drawn from the experience of Dr. Koop, who has become a friend of mine on the tobacco issues, that you should not judge a person on one life experience or one issue, but you should look at the totality of the circumstances, look at their values and principles and try to determine whether or not that person, man or woman, can do the job.  That is why it is easy today to rise in support of Dr. David Satcher to fill the spot as our Surgeon General of the United States. Some of the areas he has worked in have been extraordinary. From increasing childhood immunization rates, to improving breast and cervical cancer screening, Dr. Satcher has been a leader.  I want to focus on one aspect of his work at the CDC, in improving the Nation's food safety programs. Make no mistake--and I want to underline this, if I can--America is blessed with the safest and most abundant food supply in the world. You need only travel to any other country and take a look at the alternative to appreciate what I have just said. But we can do better.  The General Accounting Office estimates that as many as 33 million Americans will suffer food poisoning this year, and more than 9,000 will die from it, primarily infants and elderly people. The annual cost of foodborne illnesses in this country may rise to as high as $22 billion a year.  Since 1993, the CDC, under Dr. Satcher's direction, has played a critical role in modernizing our food safety programs and responding to challenges created by the large amount and variety of food now available in the United States.  As part of this effort, the CDC has led rapid response to outbreaks of foodborne illnesses, conducted research into the cause and transmission of foodborne illness, and expanded outreach to health officials and the public on treatment and prevention of foodborne illness.  The Department of Health and Human Services predicts that foodborne illnesses and deaths are likely to increase 10 to 15 percent over the next decade. Such estimates make increased vigilance even more important. Both early detection and rapid response are critical to minimizing health hazards from unsafe food.  Building on these efforts, President Clinton announced in January 1997 that the CDC will join forces with the Federal, State, and local agencies on new efforts to improve the safety of our Nation's food supply.  CDC and Dr. Satcher have played a key role in the new early warning system to help try to catch and respond to outbreaks of foodborne illness earlier and to give us the data we need to prevent future outbreaks.  In 1995, the CDC, with the FDA, Department of Agriculture, and State health departments, established this network of ``sentinel'' surveillance sites in five States that conducted in-depth surveillance for foodborne illness and related epidemiological studies.  Since becoming operational in 1996, the network already has identified an outbreak of salmonella caused by contaminated alfalfa sprouts and an outbreak of E. coli from lettuce.  I hope we can do more. We need a Surgeon General in place who is sensitive to that need. I think that we can start to consolidate under one Federal agency the many disparate Federal agencies that now try to keep our food supply safe. Isn't it a curious thing that when you take something as common as an egg, and if that egg is broken and served as a product, it is the jurisdiction of the Food and Drug Administration. If that egg remains in the shell and is sold as a product, it is the jurisdiction of the Department of Agriculture. Consumers have to shake their heads in wonderment that we would make such arbitrary distinctions between products which families view as the same thing, as far as they are concerned. It calls for leadership not only in the Department of Agriculture, the FDA, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Commerce, and many other agencies, but it calls for the leadership of a Surgeon General, and that vacancy should be filled by Dr. Satcher, sooner rather than later.  Dr. Satcher, as head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, has dramatically expanded the CDC's landmark ``National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection Program,'' which offers comprehensive breast and cervical cancer screening services to medically underserved women nationwide.  Prior to Dr. Satcher's tenure and leadership at CDC, 18 States had the program. Today, all 50 States do, as well as 5 U.S. territories, and 13 American Indian/Alaskan Native organizations have programs. This expansion was based on strong scientific evidence showing that breast and cervical cancer screening can save women's lives.  As of 1996, more than 1.2 million cancer screening tests were provided by the program. There are some critics of Dr. Satcher who might dwell or focus on one or two controversial things. I hope they will judge the man in his totality, and that they will judge his contribution fairly, because if you look at his work in public health, it is truly extraordinary.  There is one area I would like to speak to that has been brought up on the floor, and I would like to close with this. Some have been critical of the efforts by the Centers for Disease Control to address the whole issue of firearm injuries in the United States. Many believe that this is entirely too political for an agency that is supposed to be dedicated to public health. I disagree. Over 38,500 Americans are killed each year with firearms in America; 17,800 homicides; 18,700 suicides; 1,300 unintentional deaths; 5,800 children and teenagers die in America each year from firearm injuries; they are the leading cause of death among African American teenagers and the second leading cause of death among white teenagers.  In the city of Chicago, IL, there is a hospital that we all admire so much, Mount Sinai. Next to it is a facility known as the Schwab Rehab Institute. Mount Sinai Hospital is in a tough neighborhood. In fact, a visit there on any weekend evening would be a sobering experience for all of us, because the people who come in there, the victims of dramatic injury and gunshot wounds, unfortunately, are in great number. Those physicians, nurses, and medical personnel scramble to do their best to try to keep these people alive. They manage, in many cases, to do that, and it takes the miracle of medicine to do it. Those folks might find themselves, a few weeks or months later, across the street at the rehab institute, Schwab Rehab, where I visited a few times to speak to victims of gunshots, and to talk to men in wheelchairs, paraplegics and quadriplegics, who will never have a chance to enjoyfull physical mobility, because they were so victimized. It is not a surprise to me that many of the Nation's largest medical organizations and physician groups are now starting to focus on firearm injuries as a national epidemic --not only because of their number, but because of the severity of injury that is suffered. What day goes by in a major city in America where we don't hear or read about some innocent victim, many times a child waiting for a school bus, or a child who is out front playing on a bicycle, who is sprayed by random bullets and becomes a victim and is perhaps even killed? In that situation, we should step back and say, what can we do not just to treat the injury, but to reduce the likelihood that that injury will occur.  I think the CDC, which really tries to improve public health across America, should include firearm injuries on the agenda. I am happy that Dr. Satcher feels the same way, and I hope CDC does not relax its efforts in this area in any way whatsoever.  Finally, let me say, over the years, I have worked with the CDC on the issue of tobacco and tobacco-related diseases. They have really been leaders. They have brought out sound, credible evidence of the devastation caused by tobacco in America. They have talked about what we need to do to reduce what is the No. 1 preventable cause of death in America from occurring. I think the CDC has that responsibility.  Our Surgeon General, in the past, has exhibited the same kind of leadership. We have seen those men and women come forward to the post and try to identify those issues that are important to Americans. Some friends of mine are managers of television stations. Since most of us spend a lot of our waking moments watching television, I sometimes say to them, ``When you are scheduling your programming for television, what do you look for? What are people interested in? What are American families anxious to watch and hear about?'' An interesting thing has occurred over the last 10, 12 years. You will notice it if you watch the news tonight, or any other night for that matter, or any morning. Americans are interested in public health issues. They are primarily interested in breakthroughs in medical discoveries. You see it every day. Since talking with this one station manager in Decatur, IL, 10 years ago, I have been focusing on it. Most news programs include a story about medicine. America's families want to hear what we know and what we can share with them that might improve the quality of their lives. I think that is a indication of why this debate over the appointment of the Surgeon General is so important, and why we should not delay it or in any way sidetrack this debate over some tangential political issue. What is important is that we put a person of quality in this position, who can address the important public health challenges facing America. I think that is our responsibility here.  Let me tell you, after reviewing his background, I think there is nobody better qualified for that position than Dr. David Satcher. I am happy to support his nomination.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Abraham). The Senator from Arkansas.  