President, let me say at the outset to my friend from North Dakota, whom I served with in the House of Representatives, he has been not only our floor manager of debate during the course of this 105th Congress, but he has also been an active leader for his State. The leadership he showed along with Senator Conrad, as well as Senators Daschle and Johnson of South Dakota, during the crisis that faced their States earlier when they dealt with floods and fires--it seems like all the furies at once--was the type of leadership that is extraordinary, and I thank him for that.  I know we are going to have even more discussion in the days ahead about the current agricultural crisis in his State. I see his colleague, Senator Conrad, on the floor and I know that they are going to carefully monitor the debate going on now about an omnibus spending bill to try to do their best to help struggling farmers in their State--and, I add, in my State of Illinois, which has its own share of difficulties.  I have brought to the floor here a volume, which those of us in the Senate know very well, and perhaps those in the gallery may recognize, and those at home may find new. It is ``The History of the U.S. Senate'' compiled by one of our colleagues here, Senator Robert Byrd. He is the preeminent Senate historian. He has written this history to try to capture what the Senate means and what it has meant to the United States. I have seen it several times, and I have read portions of it. I am determined that I am going to finish it from cover to cover soon. I looked through it to try to remember if there was another Senate that you could point to that was parallel to what we are seeing here today.  This is the conclusion of my first 2 years in the U.S. Senate, representing my home State of Illinois. Prior to that, I served for 14 years in the House of Representatives. I am no stranger to Capitol Hill, but I am a newcomer to this body. I am surprised that I stand here today on October 12, some 12 days into the new fiscal year, and say that we are still here. We were supposed to be gone, supposed to have finished ourwork and gone home. Unfortunately, we have not.  As the Senator from North Dakota indicated, there is a great deal still being debated. The size and scope of this debate is mind-boggling--that we would be talking at this moment about still having unresolved questions concerning about a third to a half of the Federal budget that we appropriate.  How can we be in on October 12 still talking about these things? It is because several things have occurred, which are not historic and not in a positive way. This Congress, this House and this Senate, under Republican leadership, failed to pass a budget resolution for the first time in 24 years. So what? Well, the budget resolution is supposed to be the game plan--not the President's game plan, but Congress' game plan--of how we will spend money and reach certain budgetary goals, as well as policy goals.  I can recall, in the 16 years I have been on the Hill, that there were long and arduous and heated debates about our goals. We would get them out of the way and pass the budget resolution, usually around the date it was due, which is April 15. Does that date ring a bell with people in the gallery? We all meet our obligation to pay our taxes on April 15. Congress was supposed to meet its obligation to pass a budget resolution by April 15, but it failed. It has now failed for almost 6 months.  A great deal of blame has been assigned to the President for this mess that we are in today in the 105th Congress. But any honest appraisal suggests that the President had nothing to do with the budget resolution. That was Congress' responsibility. The President doesn't even sign it. It is a resolution, not a law. The House passes it, the Senate passes another, they come to conference and agree, and then set out to spend the money. And they never could agree. The Republican House and the Republican Senate could not reach an agreement between them, and here we are today. That is unfortunate. Eight to ten of our appropriations bills have not been passed.  We are still working on theories and concepts when we should be wrapping things up and going home. We are going to pass stopgap spending measures to try to keep the Government going while we reach an agreement that should have started back on April 15.  I would like to address a couple of specific issues which this 105th Congress has failed to address as well, not just the budget but other issues equally important.  Earlier this afternoon, Senator Kennedy of Massachusetts spoke to education issues, as did Senator Gramm of Texas, and, to no one's surprise, there is a big difference of opinion about what we should do, if anything, about education. I, frankly, think that we have a responsibility at the Federal level. Certainly, the vast resources invested in education come from State and local sources, but we invest some 6 to 7 percent at the Federal level for programs like title I. If your child is falling behind in the classroom, specialized tutoring is available through that Federal program and programs that are designed for disabled children. If you have a child who has a learning disability, a physical disability, some mental handicap, they may have a chance to come to a regular school and a classroom because of the Federal program. Vocational education, a critically important element, is one that I think we all understand is important for a lot of students who will never need to get a college degree but need a good job.  Federal expenditures--college loans, I wouldn't be standing here today without one. Frankly, I think that it is a good investment for all Americans. Yet, there are those who question whether or not there should even be a Department of Education.  In the senate debate in Illinois, the Republican candidate has said that he can't find the word ``education'' in the Constitution. He uses that for an argument that perhaps the Federal Government shouldn't be involved in it. I see it differently. I think the preamble to the Constitution about promoting the general welfare of America necessarily includes looking at education.  Think about the turn of the last century, from the 19th century to the 20th. And think about this for a moment. Between 1890 and 1910, in that 20-year period of time, on average in America we built one new high school every day for 20 years. What was going on? Was it a building by a Federal program? No. But it was a decision by States and localities that they were going to democratize education. So at the turn of the century, 10 percent of kids graduated from high school. By the 1930s, it was 30 percent. And now it is up over 90 percent. We have democratized education. What do we have to show for it?  Think about the comments of the Senator from North Dakota. Think about the dramatic progress we have made. Think about Orville and Wilbur Wright, and Neil Armstrong, to the return of John Glenn from space. Incidentally, this is his desk right here--a man who serves in the Senate now, and on October 29 he will be launched into space again. We are all so excited about that prospect. But the fact that there is a space program and that we have come so far has a lot to do with education.  What will we do in the next century in terms of our investment in education? Will we step back and hope things will work out for the best, or will we show initiative?  President Clinton in his State of the Union Address in January of this year suggested an initiative that I think is a sensible one--100,000 new teachers. Can it make a difference? You bet it can. And 100,000 new cops across America has made a difference in communities from Cairo to Chicago in my home State of Illinois. And 100,000 new teachers would mean reducing class size until we can say that in K through 3, your child in the classroom will have no more than 17 classmates in the room. Ask any schoolteacher what the difference is between having 18 first graders and 30 first graders. It is dramatic.  A teacher spoke the other day here in the Capitol and said, ``There are days in my classroom of 30 kids when I don't get a chance to speak to each individual child in the course of the day.'' She says, ``I go home at night saddened because I have never really believed that you can educate a child unless you can connect personally.''  President Clinton says 100,000 new teachers. The Republicans in the Senate and the House have not honored that. Now it is a subject of debate.  The President suggested in his State of the Union Address reducing class sizes for the lower grades. I honestly believe that if we want to graduate quality high school graduates, quality college graduates, you have to start at the beginning--childhood development, K through 3, the basics, reading and writing and spelling so that kids get a good start.  That is the President's program. That is one of the things we are debating. It is one of the things that has been seriously overlooked by this Congress. In fact, the Republicans in Congress have cut the title I program, specialized tutoring, for kids who might fall back a grade. They have cut teacher training at a time when our teachers should, frankly, be getting more skills instead of fewer. They have cut the summer jobs program for kids.  I can tell you a lot of kids don't have a chance to work during the summer. They not only don't make a few bucks and don't have a work experience, but they are tempted to do the wrong thing instead of the right thing. And they have cut technology grants to students and schools that need them so they can bring in the right technology. That is one of the things this 105th Congress has failed to do.  They talk about crumbling schools. One of the earlier speakers said it is really not a problem that we ought to worry about.  Take a look at this chart. K through 12 enrollment is at an all-time high, and is continuing to rise over the next 10 years. Where are these kids going to go to school? Where are their classrooms? Unfortunately, a lot of the classrooms that currently exist are deficient.  This year K through 12 enrollment reached an all-time high, and continues to rise for the next 7 years. We need 6,000 new public schools by 2006 just to maintain the current class size. Due to overcrowding in schools, they are using trailers for classrooms, undermining discipline and increasing student morale.  What about those existing classrooms and these crumbling schools? Onthis particular issue, I salute my colleague, Senator Carol Moseley-Braun of Illinois, who has really taken the national initiative on this.  Look at the state of current schools in America. Fourteen million children learn in substandard schools. Seven million children attend schools with asbestos, lead paint and radon in the ceilings or the walls. Twelve million children go to school under leaky roofs. One-third attend classrooms without enough panel outlets and electric wiring for computers. If we do nothing about this, the burden will shift considerably to the property taxpayers across America.  But if we have a Federal initiative, as the President suggested, to build and repair 5,000 schools, it is going to help the kids prepare for our clear needs with more enrollment and to reduce the burden on local property taxpayers.  Let me mention a few other issues that have failed in this Congress. One of the current questions that is asked of most pollsters in almost every poll is, Does this candidate really care about you? It is an open-ended question. It is an invitation for the person who is being asked the question to really say, ``Well, I don't know if Senator so-and-so really cares about me. I would say no.'' Or yes, whatever it might be. I think the appropriate question for the 105th Congress is, Did the 105th Congress really care about you as Americans and American families? When it came to education, the cutbacks that I have talked about clearly are not responsive to the needs of many families trying to raise their children.  In the area of managed care reform, so that we would change health insurance to give doctors more say in treating us and our children, and those we love, so that hospitals would be able to make the right decisions for us medically rather than an insurance company, this Congress, this 105th Congress with the Republican leadership, failed to pass a Patients' Bill of Rights and managed care reform. For those families worried about quality health care, I am not certain that we have demonstrated that this Congress and this leadership in Congress cares about us.  An issue near and dear to me is the question of tobacco. I started this fight about 12 years ago when I banned smoking on airplanes, joining Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey in that effort. We had a chance this year, a historic opportunity because of the initiative of State attorneys general, to bring the tobacco companies and have them face their responsibility to the American people. We failed. We failed because 14 Republican Senators voted in an effort to stop us from having that happen.  That is a sad commentary, because while we languish in this body and cannot face our responsibilities to these tobacco companies, they continue to market and sell their products to our children. I have never in my life met a parent who has said to me, ``I have great news. My daughter came home last night and she started smoking.'' I have never met that parent. Maybe some day I will. Maybe some of the Senators in this body have met those parents. I have not.  As we have been unable to address this issue about tobacco companies, the number of American kids taking up smoking has risen 73 percent in the last 8 years. More than 1.2 million start smoking every day--kids under the age of 18--and are likely to be addicted, and one-third of them are likely to die because they did it. The rate of smoking--becoming smokers--is increasing. And this Senate turned its back and refused to take action to hold the tobacco companies accountable in their merchandising, their retailing and sales to kids--another failure of the 105th Congress.  Another one clearly is in the area of campaign finance reform. I mentioned managed care reform. Some insurance companies that don't provide good care didn't want to see managed care reform; they succeeded in the Senate. Certainly the tobacco companies didn't want to see us change the way that they sell their product, and they succeeded. Now take a look at the contributions in this campaign, find out which candidates receive the most money from just those two groups, for example, and you will find the same Senators who voted to kill the tobacco bill, voted to kill the Patients' Bill of Rights, will be the ones receiving the money.  We have tried on a bipartisan basis to pass campaign finance reform. This 105th Congress has failed. Nothing on education, nothing on managed care reform, nothing on tobacco reform, nothing on campaign finance reform, and no budget resolution, no effort to preserve Social Security or Medicare over the long term, no expenditures on behalf of the things that are critical for us.  This Congress has stepped away from its responsibilities. Some have called it the worst Congress that has ever served in this building. I am not certain I would go that far, although I searched Senator Byrd's history of the Senate to find a more ineffectual Senate, and I can't find one. But I will keep looking.  Another area where this Congress failed is when it comes to sensible gun control. Let's face it; the gun lobby holds sway in the Senate. Take a look at the rollcalls. Efforts that we have had by Senators Boxer and Kohl to require people to keep a trigger lock on their guns so that they are safely stored away from children failed on this floor. A bill which I introduced which held the owners of guns responsible to safely store their guns away from children was defeated.  I am not arguing about your right to own a gun here, but I say if you own one, for goodness sakes, store it safely away from the child. The kids who are showing up in these schools and opening fire on their classmates and teachers are kids who have brought guns from home, guns that didn't have a trigger lock, guns that weren't locked away, guns that became instruments of death in the hand of a child. When a 4-year old can reach into a grandmother's purse, pull out a loaded handgun and shoot another 4-year-old, as happened last year in America, it raises a serious question about whether that gun owner has accepted her responsibility to store that gun safely.  That radical notion of holding gun owners responsible for storing their guns safely is the law in 15 States and was defeated soundly in this Chamber because the gun lobby didn't want it. And the Brady law, which has stopped literally hundreds of thousands of convicted felons, people with a history of serious mental illness and the like, from buying guns expired, and as it expires the waiting period of 3 to 5 days to check on the background is going to go away in many States.  This Senate and this House of Representatives failed to respond. Does this Senate, does this House care about families across America? When you look at the litany here, frankly, there is not much to point to.  Some have suggested it is not an ineffectual Senate or Congress; it is a retrograde Congress--one that is moving back, and I think that is true. We have now reached that pinnacle where we are moving toward a real balanced budget, and having reached that pinnacle many in leadership on the Republican side can't think of a reason why they are here. And failing that, they have failed the American people time and again on education, on health care and protecting our children.  I hope that in the closing hours, in some room here in the Capitol where the negotiators are sitting together trying to work out their differences, they will at least listen carefully to the administration and to the Democratic side. We do need to do something about education before we leave, something about 100,000 teachers across America and smaller classroom sizes. I hope we will have more money for title I, more money for summer jobs, more money for teachers and technology grants.  It is not likely we are going to have a Patients' Bill of Rights. It is not likely we are going to have a tobacco bill. We are certainly not going to have campaign finance reform. But in 3 weeks the voters of this country get a chance to go to the polls. They get to look forward and decide what their vision of the 106th Congress will be--more of the same or new and different leadership.  I hope that they agree, as I do, there is an important national agenda, an agenda which should be served whether the leadership is Democrat or Republican. This 105th Congress will put its tail between its legs and go whimpering out of town, back to their States,back to their districts to carry on the campaigns, but we squandered an opportunity here, an opportunity to lead, an opportunity to show that we truly care about families across America.  I yield the floor.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  