President, I thank the Senator from North Dakota for this opportunity to speak.  I came to Washington 15 years ago to be a Member of the House of Representatives. I can recall that one of the major items that we discussed in the entire 14 years that I served was the budget deficit. It seemed like such an impossible, intractable problem. Through President after President, we had these theories on how we were finally going to reach balance.  Oh, there was this steely resolve from everyone that we are going to get it done, and it seemed to be an elusive target that we missed year after year after year. As the balanced budget effort failed, the debt of the Nation grew and our deficits grew. We continued to shell out millions and millions and billions of dollars in interest on the national debt, money wasted that couldn't be spent for other good purposes.  Thank goodness we are in a different era. I pick up the morning paper and see the President of the United States has submitted to Congress for the first time in over 30 years a balanced budget. I read as well the last balanced budget submitted by President Lyndon Johnson was the result of a substantial tax surcharge which was imposed on the American people. So this President has brought us to a point with a balanced budget without this increase in taxes on working families, but giving us, I think, a better opportunity in the future.  How did we reach this point? I think you have to go back at least to 1993 when we passed the budget of the President. A Democratically controlled Congress, with not one Republican vote in support, passed a budget which moved us substantially toward a balanced budget.  It said that in the outyears, we would reduce spending, we would make certain that our books would be in balance, and then, to give credit where it is due, with the Republican Congress, just this last year, we came together again and, on a bipartisan basis, finished the job, finished that last important but small piece that needed to be added to reach balance. Add that to our bustling and thriving economy, and we have a situation that all of us can finally take pride in that we have a budget that is balanced for America and is balanced in its priorities.  Speaking to that budget, my friend from North Dakota mentioned several areas that are near and dear to my heart. The whole concept that we would finally find the resources in this budget to help working families pay for child care is one that is long overdue. During the break that we just completed, I traveled the length and breadth of Illinois visiting child care centers, seeing what was going on in the small communities and large cities of my State.  I can tell you, it is heartening, it is encouraging--but there are many challenges there--to go to St. Vincent de Paul Child Care Center in the city of Chicago and find 400 children in a very positive, warm and safe environment and to know that those children are receiving the very best care. But then I hear from Sister Katie that there are, in fact, a thousand more children waiting to come to that center. Where are those kids today? Who is watching them? What are they learning? Is it good or bad?  The President's budget says let's start providing more money for families to pay for child care, and he issues the resources from the tobacco agreement--one that I think should be one of our highest priorities this year. If we leave town in 1998, if this Senate and House leave town without enacting tobacco legislation--a tobacco agreement, a comprehensive approach--we will have turned our back on a golden opportunity for families across America to help pay for child care.  In the area of medical research, it always puzzled me that this area of research, which is so popular among the American people, didn't receive the kind of investment that it was due. I will give credit where it is due, within the last year or two my colleague from Illinois, Congressman John Porter, and others, have moved forward to increase NIH funding.  We can do better. We can do more. With this tobacco agreement and the proceeds from it, through this budget, we will finally start making the kind of investment in health research which every family cares for. Now, people may not come up on the street and say, ``Senator, I hope you will do something about health research,'' but I say just visit a hospital. Visit a hospital where some family member is seriously ill and sit around for a few minutes, and you know what they will say. ``I hope that the people working in Washington and all across the country can help spare my family or at least some other family what we have gone through with this health problem.''  The last point I will make is critically important. There is a lot of talk about what to do with our surplus. There is kind of a surreal quality to this--a surplus? It was just a year ago that if you came to the floor of this U.S. Senate you would have found several Members--one parked at this desk right over here--with a stack of books higher than his head, all the budgets that have been submitted that were not in balance. And what was his suggested solution and the solution of many of my colleagues? An amendment to the Constitution.  It is fortuitous that on the floor waiting to speak next is Senator Robert Byrd. Senator Byrd of West Virginia has led the fight against this notion for a long, long period of time. Senator Byrd will recall the speeches, ``If we don't amend this Constitution, if we don't put a balanced budget amendment in the Constitution, we will never reach balance. We have to change the Constitution.'' Senator Byrd had the wisdom and the leadership to stand up and say, ``You arewrong. This can be done with political will. It need not be done by changing the Constitution of the United States.''  Here we are 12 months later, I say to the Senator. I don't hear the hue and cry on the floor anymore from our friends on the other side of the aisle about amending the Constitution. They pick up the paper in the morning and say, ``You've reached a balanced budget.'' We didn't have to put that travesty in our Constitution. I think there is a lesson there. We certainly owe a great debt of gratitude to Senator Byrd for his leadership in reminding us that we ought to step back and take a look at the course of American history before we jump and run and add things to that great document.  Now today, I say to the Senator, there are people who say we don't have to worry about the deficit anymore, our biggest problem is trying to figure out how to spend this surplus. All this extra money, what can we do? Can we declare a dividend for the American people? Give them tax breaks and become the most popular politicians in a generation? I suppose we could do that, but I think that is shortsighted. We don't know where this economy will be 6 months or a year from now. We don't know where Federal revenues will be. It is far better for us to take a cautious course.  I think President Clinton was right in his State of the Union message. Our first stop on that course should be Social Security. Let's make certain that if there is a surplus that we can count on, that we invest it back into Social Security so that it is there not just for generations to come but for the next century. We can do that, and we can do it if we don't rush to judgment here, if we don't spend this phantom surplus, if we don't overinvest.  As we were caught up a year ago in the idea of amending the Constitution, let's not get carried away in 1998 with overspending this surplus that may be illusory or only temporary.  I stand today happy that this administration has brought forth the first balanced budget in 30 years, but understanding that within that budget are important priorities for the working families of America, priorities which will never see the light of day unless this Senate and the House of Representatives work together to make certain that we keep your eye on the goal. The goal is making sure that we have a better standard of living for families across America.  I thank Senator Byrd for giving this opportunity to speak and I yield the floor.  