I thank my colleague, the Senator from Arizona, for cosponsoring this bill with Senator Hollings.  A little over a year ago, I received a letter in my Senatorial office in Illinois from a young woman who owned a business right outside the City of Chicago. She told a story of having her long-distance carrier changed without her permission, how it ended up costing her over $1,000, and she came to learn there was virtually nothing she could do about it. The recourse under the law currently available was not practical--that she would somehow hire an attorney and go to Federal court over $1,000. That wasn't going to happen. She asked me what could we do about it, so I prepared a piece of legislation, and a large part of it has been incorporated in this good bill, and I am happy to support this bill.  Since then, I have come to learn that hers was not an isolated example. Any group of people you talk to, regardless of their walk of life, who have a telephone at home, will generally tell you that they know somebody or they personally have been victims of slamming. How do they end up having their long-distance carrier changed? Some of them might have been unsuspecting. They went to a carnival or county fair or neighborhood picnic, and they had a little thing handed to them. It said, ``Win a free trip to Hawaii. Fill in your name and address and check the box inthe bottom.'' They didn't flip it over to see the other side that said, ``You just changed your long-distance carrier.''  It would happen time and time again. Folks would get these interminable telephone calls at night saying, ``Would you consider moving to this new service?'' They say, ``No, no, there is no way.'' It turns out they were being taped. People were splicing together the tapes. When it was all said and done, they took the spliced tapes, and said the person said ``yes'' when they asked about the long-distance service, but the person said ``yes'' when they asked about the name.  It turns out a lot of people were being defrauded, and it cost a lot of money, not just for the lady who came to see me and her business, but many others. This is theft. This is stealing. This is not gaming we are dealing with here; it is a situation where a lot of people are making money without the permission of those whose long-distance service is being changed.  I went up to the State of Maine with my colleague, Senator Collins, who spoke earlier on the floor, for a hearing on the subject and found it was literally a national problem. From the coast of Maine to California and everything in between, people were going through this and we didn't have the laws in place to protect the consumers. That is why this bill is so important--because this bill finally gives to the consumer an opportunity to say to the person who is slamming them, ``You are not going to get away with it.''  One of the amendments which Senator McCain was nice enough to adopt and make part of the bill was offered by Senator Collins and myself. It said you will never be charged more than what your original long distance carrier would have charged you. So if somebody comes along and doubles your rate without your permission, you still don't have to pay anything more than what was in the original rate structure with your original long-distance carrier. I think that makes sense. I think it is only fair.  The other amendment which we pushed for, the second amendment, creates criminal penalties which are necessary for the most egregious slammers. These are not little companies with little ideas; these are devious groups with a network of information which are trying to set up a network of people across the United States who will be changed to their long-distance service just long enough for them to make some money.  You should have seen the hearing that Senator Collins had before the Government Affairs Committee, where she presented a bill from one of these companies to the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission. She posted it up on the board, and she said to the Chairman: ``Take a look at this long-distance bill from a slamming company and tell me one thing. What is the name of the company?''  The Chairman took a look at it, and he said, ``I don't see any name of the company up there.'' You know what? The name of the company was Long Distance Charges. So, when you are going through your telephone bill and you are looking at your local carrier who sent it to you, and you get to a page which reads ``Long Distance Charges,'' it never dawns on you that you are no longer receiving long-distance service from your old carrier. You have a new carrier called Long Distance Charges, and you didn't notice that your long-distance bill just went up. That is the kind of chicanery and trickery these people are guilty of. They make millions of dollars at it. As a consequence, we have to treat them with the criminal penalty which is included in this bill.  I want to make an additional point about the criminal penalties amendment. Creating a criminal statute for slamming in no way lessens the applicability of existing laws such as wire fraud or mail fraud that can help combat slamming, too. Rather, this criminal statute for slamming will make it easier for prosecutors, because it applies specifically to this crime.  Finally, a third amendment agreed to by Senator McCain will require telecommunications carriers to report the number of slamming complaints they receive about each company to the FCC. We know the incidence of slamming is on the rise. We have no way of tracking them. This will establish it. Slamming has already caused telephone customers to become angry and disillusioned with the entire telecommunications industry. These consumers have voiced their concerns to their local phone companies, to their State regulatory bodies, to the FCC. But they feel their complaints have not been heard.  With this legislation, we can begin to restore confidence in the industry and assure consumers that the deceptive practice of slamming will be stopped. Long-distance telephone consumers should be able to stand up for themselves and fight back against slammers, to let them know their actions will not pay.  You have heard, during the course of this debate, lengthy statistics about the nature of the problem. I will not repeat them, only to tell you that it is a serious problem addressed in a serious way by this legislation.  In closing, one small footnote: The outrage of slamming has now been replaced in complaints to my office by the outrage of cramming. It turns out in the lengthy telephone bill you received there may be an item which looks innocent enough for two or three dollars for something you never ordered. Who is going to go through the telephone bill and analyze every line? But unless you do, you may find yourself in a predicament where they are cramming in charges you never asked for.  You are paying three bucks a month every month of the year for something you didn't ask for. How are you going to find it? You have to take the time to read through it. We want to make sure we address that abuse as well.  Today, though, we are addressing in a responsible way a very serious problem that affects consumers across America. I salute Senator McCain, as well as Senator Hollings, who have joined me in this effort through investigations, as well as in preparation of amendments to this very good bill. I am happy to support it. I yield back the remainder of my time.  