 Mr. President, we are debating something of historic proportion, and that is the question of whether or not the NATO alliance shall be enlarged to include three countries. At this point, those three countries are Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic. This is not a new concept.  In 1994, the United States announced that we were, in fact, going to consider the enlargement of NATO. Why? The world has changed so dramatically. The Berlin Wall is down. The Soviet Union has dissipated, or at least broken up into different political entities. We are starting to see the world in different terms. For over 50 years, we saw the world in terms of East and West, the Soviet Union and the United States, the cold war.  How many of us, as kids in the 1950s, huddled under our desks in preparation for the possibility of an air raid? Now what a different world we live in--a world where the United States of America and its taxpayers, since 1991, have given to Russia over $100 billion in an effort to help that country get back on its feet. What was once our mortal enemy, a country that we literally spent $6 trillion to defend against, is now our ally. So we view the world in much different terms, and now we should view NATO in different terms.  My colleagues who come to the floor in opposition to NATO enlargement are stuck in old thinking, as far as I am concerned. They view Europe, East and West, in terms of lines that were drawn by Adolf Hitler and Joseph Stalin. We should not. We should view Europe and its future in terms of a new century and new opportunities.  When you visit a country like Poland--which I did a year ago--and realize now that the Poland of today is not looking to the East, but rather to the West, that the Poland of today wants to be part of an axis which includes Western Europe, the United States, and freedom-loving countries around the world, then you can understand the momentum and impetus behind the enlargement of NATO. These countries like Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic are willing to step away from the old Soviet way of doing things; they are willing to pledge themselves to human rights, respecting the borders of their neighbors, and to civilian controlling of the military, and to free markets. They are prepared to join NATO because they know NATO is the future.  What an alliance NATO has been in the history of the world. If you study the history of the world and consider all of the different countries that have come together for various reasons, NATO is an anomaly, NATO is an oddity. Why? Because it is a purely defensive alliance. It was created by the United States and our allies after World War II to defend Western Europe against the possibility of Soviet aggression and expansion. Throughout its history, since 1949, NATO has consistently stood for that principle. There is not a single instance that anyone can point to in the history of the alliance where the NATO countries have come together in an aggressive way to try to take over some other country. It is just not the nature of that alliance.  So when I hear the criticisms--and you hear them from many people who come to this floor--that the Russians are worried about NATO expansion, my obvious question is, Why? Why would any country be concerned about other countries coming together simply to defend their own borders and pledge themselves to principles that I think all freedom-loving countries should be dedicated to? This troubles me, too. If there is genuine concern in Russia that these countries are going to come together in a defensive alliance, maybe the defensive alliance is necessary. It is something to pin our hopes on the relationship between the United States and Russia on the medical reports on Boris Yeltsin. I hope that he continues in power for a long time. I am happy to report that, by and large, with few exceptions, his relationship with the United States has been a very positive one. But we have to accept the reality that there will be change in Russia. I hope it is change for the better.  Now put yourself in the shoes of Poland, Hungary, or the Czech Republic, or, for that matter, the Baltic States. What gamble are they willing to take about the future of Russia? What they have said to us is: We feel comfortable coming together with you in an alliance, which will stabilize our boundaries and give us some certainty about our future. So if a future leader in Russia is more conservative, more liberal, more expansionist, or more friendly, they know that they have this alliance to turn to.  When you look at those who are supporting the idea of expanding the NATO alliance, the list is very impressive. It includes not only General Colin Powell, but former President Bush, Margaret Thatcher, Lech Walesa, and Vaclav Havel. The list goes on and on and on. These leaders, worldwide, understand what NATO means.  Now, let me say this. Some criticize this NATO enlargement by saying, ``There they go again. They are ending up giving away U.S. taxpayer dollars for the defense of Europe. Shouldn't the Europeans be defending themselves?'' The answer is, of course, that they should. That is their own personal responsibility. I, for one, in my 15 years on Capitol Hill in the House and Senate, have argued for burdensharing at every turn in the road. I think more and more of these countries should accept that responsibility.  But let's be honest. If these countries come together, if they agree on certain standards for their own military development, if they agree on certain principles, if this alliance is in place and strong, the likelihood of needing these military forces is dramatically diminished. And each of these new countries that wants to join us in NATO has proven their bona fides in terms of their good-faith effort to be part of a Western alliance by already committing troops when we have asked, some in the Persian Gulf war, some in Bosnia.  In fact, in the situation in Bosnia, Lithuania sent a brigade down and within a few weeks one of their soldiers was killed by a landmine. It was devastating news in that tiny country. It might have led their legislature to convene and bring their troops home from Bosnia. But they did not. They convened and, with a vote that should tell you about their view of the world, voted to send even more forces down to Bosnia. To prove that they wanted to be part of this alliance, they were willing to put their troops and the lives of their countrymen on the line.  That story is repeated over and over. This is a positive thing. This is something that we should view in terms of NATO's future as really, I guess, an excellent start for the 21st century--that we are now at a point where we can talk about all of these countries--which once were at war and in the past had been rivals with conflicting ideologies--that are now coming together.  Some have said, Well, let's not hurry this debate. Can't this wait 6 months or a year? I suppose it could, but I hope it doesn't, because we have spent more than 4 years preparing for this debate. We have gone through lengthy hearings in the Foreign Operations Committee. We have had many people meet--NATO allies and others--to discuss the expansion of NATO. We have studied this to the point where we can make an intelligent and mature decision, and we should.  Last Friday night in Chicago, IL--which is in my home State and which boasts the largest Polish population outside of the city of Warsaw, Poland--we entertained the new President of the Assembly of Poland. Marian Krzaklewski is the new President and a member of the Solidarity party. I can't tell you what this issue means to the future of Poland. Any of you who have studied World War II and understand the devastation that was wrought on Poland as a result of World War II understand how important it is to the people of Poland today to have the security of an alliance that they can count on. We, of course, know of the tragedy of the Polish Jews who were lost in the Holocaust, but there were many others of other religions, and some of no religion, but they were all victims in World War II. The numbers stretch into the hundreds of thousands and millions. That is the legacy of war in countries like Poland.  For those who come to the floor saying, ``Can't we wait 6 months or a year before we give to countries like Poland the assurance that those days are behind them?'' I have to say that I think that is shortsighted. I think the right thing for America to do is to follow the leadership of the President, follow the bipartisan support on the floor of the U.S. Senate, and enlarge NATO. This Senate should vote for the enlargement, first, to include Poland, Hungary, and the Czech Republic, and then, frankly, open it up to any other country that is able and willing to dedicate itself to these same principles.  We don't like to think in terms of the military and war; we tend to focus more on domestic life in the United States, as we should. But I happen to believe that an investment in our time and debate on this issue at this moment is the right thing to do. I believe that if we make the proper move today, this week, and next week in the Senate to debate this issue fully and vote on it, we can bring together the kind of alliance that will give our children andgrandchildren peace of mind for decades to come. I hope that we will do that, and I hope that we will understand, as well, that what is at stake here is more than just a debate over a single issue; what is at stake here is whether the legacy of World War II and the legacy of the cold war will or will not be revisited on our friends in Europe.  The United States cannot be the policeman for the world, but we can ally ourselves with other nations of like mind and like values, who will join us in bringing stability to this Earth, so that the day may never come when we are asked to send large numbers of Americans to fight in foreign lands for issues and causes and for American interests. These are things that I think are part of this debate today.  I close by saying that I appreciate this time to speak, and I hope my other colleagues will join me. I don't know that there is another single issue relative to global security that is more important than this debate about the future of NATO. I hope that the United States and our NATO allies will write our foreign policy and plan our future based on the interests and values that have held us together as a Nation for over 200 years.  When the argument is made that moving forward with the expansion of NATO makes some people nervous in Moscow, I have to ask, Why should it? Why should we not even hold out the possibility that the day will come when Russia will ask to be part of NATO? It is not an incredible idea. The thought that they would give civilian control of the military, pledge to the same principles, and cooperate with the United States--that should be the new world order; that should be the new thinking.  But the belief that we should hold back and not engage these other countries in an alliance, important for our security and theirs, because of some misgivings among some hardliners in Moscow is just plain wrong. We should be driven by foreign policy decisions right for America, right for our allies. We should not be driven by the melancholy of the few in Moscow who long for the return of empire. When you hear the argument made that we can include Warsaw Pact countries like the three I mentioned, and that is all right, but you can't include former republics like the Baltic States, it troubles me greatly. My mother was born in Lithuania, so I come to this debate with a special interest, and maybe even some prejudice is involved.  For 50 years, we refused to recognize Soviet domination over the population of those sovereign states and thought they were entitled to have their own self-government. We ignored Soviet domination and we fought Soviet domination for over 50 years. And now, to defer to some Russian thinking that because these republics that were once part of the Soviet Union want to be in NATO, that is supposedly unthinkable, I disagree. For the Baltic States and so many other countries in Eastern Europe and near the Baltic Sea, NATO really is their security of the future. It is something the United States can be proud to support. I know they will be supportive of the values which we treasure in this country.  Mr. President, I yield the remainder of my time.  