President, my second amendment is one that deals with an issue of some controversy in my State of Illinois and one that we have followed very closely.  Several years ago, two young people from Illinois made a very serious mistake. These young, I believe then teenage girls accepted an invitation to fly to Peru. It sounded too good to be true and it was. They found themselves lured into a drug trade and subsequently were arrested in Peru.  For almost two years now, these young ladies, one is Jennifer Davis of Illinois, have languished in prison in Lima, Peru. Neither Jennifer Davis nor her family deny the fact that she is guilty as charged and that she should be sentenced and should serve time for the crime she has committed. In fact, she has cooperated fully with the Peruvian authorities and those who are seeking to find who was responsible for the drug trading involved.  The difficulty, of course, is that the Peruvian legal system is much different than the United States system. It took an excruciatingly long period of time, nine months, before Jennifer was actually charged, brought to trial, and convicted. We had hoped that the trial and conviction would lead to the possibility of her being sentenced and then extradited to the United States to serve time for her sentence in an American prison, which is customary under international law. But, the conviction was appealed by her codefendants. Under the Peruvian system, the appeal went to the Supreme Court, which called for a new trial. Now, the process has started all over again.  I have spoken directly to Jennifer Davis' parents. I have spoken to the U.S. Ambassador to Peru, Mr. Jett, about this case. It is not my intention in offering this amendment to in any way be confrontational with the Government of Peru. What we are attempting to do is to urge them to follow accepted international standards for a timely hearing and a timely trial of Jennifer Davis and all other Americans being held in Peruvian prisons. We do not presume the outcome of these trials. We do not ask for special or favorable treatment, only that they be treated as prisoners are treated in the United States and most other countries--in a timely fashion--and that any decision by those courts be carried out in a fair manner.  That is all that we can ask. It is all that we do in this amendment.  I send the amendment to the desk.  