President. I thank my colleague from the State of California.  Let me say at the outset that this is about more money for California schools. It is about more money for land and water conservation, which funds the acquisition of park space and green space across America. It is about more money for historic preservation. It is about more money for Indian tribes, Native Americans, who receive benefits from these royalties. This is about a matter of principle on which the Senator from California is taking the floor to lead the fight. I salute her at the outset, and say to those who are listening to this debate that we are fortunate to have people of the caliber of Senator Boxer from the State of California who are willing to wage these battles, because, you see, it would have been so easy for us to really kind of look the other way with a wink and nod and let this one slip by.  This is not an issue that went before a committee with a lot of investigation, witnesses and hearings so that America could tune in and be part of the debate. This was done on a disaster bill for tornado victims--a bill that was also designed to buy emergency funds for our troops in the Middle East.  You say, What could that possibly have to do with the royalties oil companies pay for drilling on Federal land? The honest answer is that it had nothing to do with it. It was put on at a late moment with no hearings and with little publicity.  I have been around legislatures for about 32 years--State and Federal. I can tell you there are two things to keep your eye open for toward the close of business: find out if there is something that just got popped on a bill without any hearings, and find out whether it benefits some large special interest group. Guess what? Bingo. That is what we are talking about here. Senator Boxer caught it, brought it up in the Appropriations Committee, and said to her colleagues, Please don't do this. At least for the taxpayers of this country, take a close look at what is going on here.  I salute her for doing that. Her leadership is important, and this issue is important. It is about $66 million a year. And I guess by Federal standards people say, wait a minute, in a budget that is dealing with $1.5 trillion, what does this mean?  Well, it means a lot, because for schoolchildren in her State and a lot of other States and for the people I mentioned earlier who are dependent on these royalties, this is an important amount of money.  I think what is more important than the money involved is the principle that is involved in this. Consider for a moment, you own a piece of property and someone comes to you and says, ``I want to rent from you under one condition, and that is I decide how much rent I am going to pay you.'' Well, you say, ``Well, at least let's have some standard. Let's have some objective standard.'' And they said, ``Yes, I will tell you what the objective standard will be. I will ask my Uncle Louie what's fair.'' And you say to yourself, ``Why would we sign such a lease?''  That is what has happened here. The land that they are drilling for oil on is land that we own, ladies and gentlemen. It is the land of the people of the United States. It is not land owned by oil companies. They come on our land with our permission to drill oil from our land to make profits for their companies. That is what this is all about. And we say to them, ``Make a profit. That's fine. That's the American way. But we want one-eighth of your profit. We want one-eighth of the cost of the oil.'' Those who are involved in the oil business know that is not an unusual request. The owner of the land gets an eighth.  The problem here is that the oil companies have said, ``We will determine an eighth of what. We will determine what Uncle Louie says is an eighth.'' And in this situation they won't take a market price that they are supposed to take. They take a price they have absolutely fabricated. They have made it up. They trade among themselves. They post prices and say, ``This is the price,'' and we know better.  The charts the Senator from California brought to us make it clear the taxpayers are being cheated, because a handful of oil companies are declaring a price that they are basing the royalty on which is a phony, false price. State after State has turned around and sued them successfully for this sort of cheating. And now we are trying to promulgate a law here on Capitol Hill in the Senate which condones this cheating, saying, ``Keep on reaching in Uncle Sam's pocket, pull out all the money you need, play us for Uncle Sucker, and we are going to look the other way.''  I do not think we should do that. I do not think that is fair to a lot of people. And I really am, in a way, surprised that a lot of oil companies that have extraordinarily good business reputations would be involved in this chicanery.  I listened to the Senator from New Mexico give a speech. His speech is, as far as I am concerned, very accurate. The oil industry in this country does suffer some problems, particularly independent producers. They come from my State. Illinois is not a major production State, but we have a lot ofproducers there who have come to see me. And it is a fact that the price of oil and the products of oil are so low that many of them cannot survive. It has domestic and international ramifications; I don't question that. But to argue that that situation with the oil industry in general means that we should give a handful of oil companies, 5 percent of them, an opportunity to reach in the Federal Treasury and pull more money out at the expense of taxpayers begs the question. If you let this 5 percent turn around and absolutely drill the oil for free and not pay the taxpayers a penny, it would not create a recovery in the oil sector. I am afraid that is what the other side is arguing. We are dealing with a small percentage here.  And let me tell you what these royalties mean to these large companies that are drilling on taxpayers' land. The additional royalties represent approximately 1-100th of 1 percent of the $461 billion in 1996 revenues for these companies. We have crocodile tears in the Chamber here about these struggling oil companies at a time when we look at their balance sheets, and many of them are making billions of dollars and would say to the taxpayers of this country, ``No, we can't pay you a royalty based on the real market price; we want to create some fiction.'' And so not in the dark of night but in the darkness of a conference committee room, along comes a provision which basically says the Department of Interior may not investigate, may not determine whether there is fairness in the price that is being charged. No. The Senate of the United States will shut them down and tell them, keep their noses out of these corporate boardrooms.  