President, thank you. I will take a portion of the 10 minutes to start with and then allow my colleague from New Hampshire to state his side of the case on behalf of this amendment.  Let me try to explain where we are in terms of what this amendment is doing. We are trying to set up a computer check across the United States, so if you purchase a firearm, there is a way for States or the Federal Government to check and see whether you have a history of having committed a felony or a history of mental illness, and in that situation States are saying, ``Of course we do not want to sell a gun to you.'' And that is the basic Brady law.  Most people support it because it is eminently sensible that we want to keep guns out of the hands of people who are likely to misuse them. I think everybody supports that. The NRA and the people on the other side of the issue even support it.  The Senator from New Hampshire comes before us, though, with a very interesting proposition. The Federal Bureau of Investigation does these background checks by computer. They have said that, ``When we do these background checks, we will charge the prospective gun purchaser, the one who wants to buy the gun, for our cost in doing the background check.'' And of course that sounds reasonable to me.  If I want to purchase a gun, and I want to have a background check to qualify me for a gun, it is not unreasonable for me to expect to pay for what it costs for that to happen. Why should this be the burden of every taxpayer in America, those who do not own guns and those who are not purchasing guns? It really is a decision that I want to buy a gun; and, therefore, I am going into the system to prove that I am eligible to own a gun.  The Senator from New Hampshire says: Wait a minute. Why do we want to charge the prospective gun purchaser for this background check? Shouldn't the Treasury pay for that? Shouldn't all the taxpayers pay for these people who want to buy guns?  I do not think so. And the practical result of the amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire is to take from the Federal Bureau of Investigation the amount of money they would have collected to do these background checks. And you know what that means? It means basically the Federal Bureau of Investigation will have anywhere from $50 to $75 million less in their appropriation to do their job.  Well, can they absorb a $50 to $75 million hit? I think we can all answer that question, because we all come to this floor and come up with wonderful ideas for the FBI to get involved. We want the FBI to fight terrorism. Of course we do. We want to make sure that they are fighting it around the world and protecting people across the United States. And so we say, ``We're assigning that responsibility to you.'' The Senator from New Hampshire says, ``Yes, we give you the responsibility. We're not going to give you the money you need to do the job.''  We also say we want the FBI to go after some serious issues. Let me give you an example--crimes against children, to enhance the FBI's capabilities to combat child abductions, and serial killings. This is the responsibility we give to the FBI. The Senator from New Hampshire says: It is a great responsibility, but take the money away from them--$50 to $75 million less each year.  How about narcotics? Is there a more serious criminal problem in America? What is filling our prisons? What is tempting our children? What is leading to the kinds of degradation in lifestyle that we see around this country, but basically the war on drugs, the war on narcotics?  So the Senator from New Hampshire says: Let us take some money away from that, too, because we want people who apply for a gun not to have to pay for it. We want the Treasury to pay for it. We want the FBI to take this money from other sources. I do not think that is fair.  I do not think it is fair for an agency with this sort of responsibility. And I do not think it is fair for those who want to purchase a gun to say, ``We want a free ride.'' For goodness' sakes, it is their decision to purchase a gun. They are going forward in the system to purchase it. Shouldn't they pay their own freight?  Would you think twice about buying a car and trying to get a license and say, ``I just decided to buy a car, but as far as the cost of the license for my car, why should I have to pay for that? Taxpayers ought to pay for that. I just want to drive the car''? That is what the Senator from New Hampshire is arguing.  