 I thank the Senator from Michigan for yielding.  Madam President, I rise today to oppose this effort to bring to a close debate on the Vacancies Act reform legislation, S.2176. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting against cloture.  Without so much as a blink, a breath, or a blush, a cloture motion on the bill itself was immediately filed last Thursday morning on the heels of the Senate's agreement to proceed to this bill. This quick flinch maneuver is an attempt to deny Members the opportunity to offer meaningful relevant amendments to improve this legislation, such as those I intend to pursue to address the Senate's responsibility to act expeditiously on pending nominations.  Before I outline the importance of assessing both sides of the process and outline my specific reservations about the bill as presently drafted, I wish to emphasize that I share the convictions and concerns of the sponsors, notably Senators Byrd, Thurmond, and Thompson, about the critical need to preserve and protect the constitutional prerogative of the Senate to advise and consent to Presidential nominations to executive branch positions. I am sure that I am not alone in this view.  I appreciate the sponsors' zeal to remedy what has grown to be, numerous instances and examples throughout the government, of outright challenges to Senate authority by ignoring the Vacancies Act. There has been flagrant and contagious disregard for the application of the existing law as the sole mechanism for temporarily filling advise and consent positions while awaiting the nomination and confirmation of the official candidate.  I wholeheartedly concur that this law needs clarification so that moves to end-run its application are halted. The bill as advanced by the Governmental Affairs Committee laudably addresses this exclusivity question.  Thus, I do not oppose efforts to bolster the Vacancies Act as the exclusive mechanism (with limited and explicit exceptions) for the president to designate officials to temporarily fill vacancies in positions requiring Senate confirmation.  Unfortunately, in its current form this bill goes well beyond that justifiable but limited goal in several respects. Moreover, it fails to go far enough to address the Senate's duty to timely act on nominations.  While the Administration may well bear some responsibility for the slow pace of nominations, I am dismayed that the Senate would want to so severely restrict the ability to fill vacant positions temporarily and to conduct the people's business while at the same time impeding the nominations process and confirming nominees at a snail's pace.  The Senate bears partial responsibility for the time it takes to nominate officials for Senate confirmed positions. This Congress has subjected the Administration's nominees to unprecedented scrutiny, using almost any prior alleged indiscretion--no matter how trivial--by a nominee as an excuse to delay or prevent a vote.  Senators have also interjected themselves into the President's nominations process to an unparalleled degree. As a result, that front-end process--the selection, recruitment, and vetting of candidates--takes longer than ever before.  The nomination and confirmation process, it has been observed, is one of ``the President proposing, the Senate disposing.'' If the Senate expects adherence to the rigid parameters this bill would impose on advancing candidates, we as its Members need to be ready and willing to diligently consider these candidates for public office and take prompt and deliberate action to confirm or reject them.  The Senate has frequently declined to exercise its advice and consent responsibility in a timely and appropriate manner. Too often, nominations die in Committee, languish interminably on the Executive Calendar, or simply take months or years to move through this Chamber.  Just as the President has a responsibility to forward nominees to the Senate in a timely fashion, we in the Senate have a concomitant obligation to discharge our constitutional prerogative of advice and consent on those candidates in an efficient and expeditious fashion.  We cannot simply confront practical deficiencies in the front-end phase of the process for recruiting and evaluating qualified candidates and ignore our own responsibilities.  We owe it not only to the Executive, but to the American public, to offer--not withhold--our advice and where appropriate, our consent.  I have filed and certainly hope to have an opportunity to offer some relevant amendments designed to address those instances of dilatory Senate Committee processing and floor inaction once a nominee is advanced to the calendar.  One amendment would provide that any nomination submitted to the Senate that is pending before a Senate committee for 150 calendar days shall on the day following such 150th day, be discharged and placed on the Senate executive calendar and be considered as favorably reported.  Another amendment would require the Senate to take up for a vote any nomination which has been pending on the Executive Calendar in excess of 150 days. Such Senate consideration must occur within 5 calendar days of the 150th day. In effect, it creates an end point after which we can no longer hold up a nominee.  I am not suggesting that we would give our consent to all of these nominees. I am basically saying that this process should come to a close. The Senate should vote. It should make its decision.  If we want to reasonably time-limit the front end of the process--with which I do not disagree--and promptly fill vacancies, we need to be equally willing to build some finality into the back-end of the process and impose some time limits on our own consideration of these candidates.  The first problem I find with this bill is that filling positions in the Government requires time far longer than that specified in this bill.  I have an amendment which suggests increasing the 150-day period to 210 days. I am sure people are wondering, if they are following this debate, why it would take so long for any kind of process to review a nominee. Well, as it turns out, the average number of days that a vacancy exists prior to a Senate nomination for the White House is 313 days. What could possibly take 313 days in investigating the qualifications of an individual to fill the job?  Consider all of the things that are going to be investigated. Not only the lengthy forms the individual must fill out, ethics disclosures, financial statements, fingerprints and the like, but also an FBI investigation, a Federal Bureau of Investigation report on that person, the opportunity for groups to contact the White House and say that they either oppose or support the individual, the opportunity for Members of Congress to come forward and suggest to the administration that they either support that nominee or they oppose it. And as it turns out, some of these things such as an FBI report may not happen as quickly as some people imagine. We have heaped on that agency additional responsibilities every year. We entrust them with very important jobs. We tell them that we want them to fingerprint and make certain that those who want to be citizens of the United States, in fact, have no criminal record in any foreign country. That is a valid question, but it is an additional administrative responsibility.  The list goes on and on and on. As a consequence, when the administration comes to this agency, and it is only one example, and asks for a timely review of an individual nominated for a position, they sometimes have to wait in line. And while they wait the clock is ticking.  And consider this as well. As a result of this legislation, saying the administration shall only have 150 days, what if in the midst of this process--say, for example, 4 or 5 months into the process--the administration reaches a conclusion that the individual should not go forward and the nomination should not be sent to the Senate. Does the clock start to run again? No. The clock continues to run 150 days, so the new nominee, starting over going through all these processes, trying to clear all these hurdles, is still burdened by the original clock ticking at 150 days. I don't think it is realistic. I don't think it is fair. Merely adding 30 additional days to the current 120-day timeframe within which an acting official may temporarily perform the duties and functions of the vacant office unless the Senate has forwarded a nominee to the Senate within that span is impractical. It is unrealistic, and I do not believe it is adequate.  