President.  Mr. President, for those who are following this debate, I hope they will understand that we are genuinely trying to move this bill to final passage. This bipartisan bill is the product of the Commerce Committee, crafted by Senators McCain, Kerry, Hollings, and others in an effort to do something historic to reduce the number of teenagers and children in America who are lured into the addiction of smoking.  We have tried to establish a procedure on the floor, which occasionally we have been able to hold to, and occasionally we fail. But that procedure was to allow each side to offer an amendment. Of course, Senator Gregg had offered his amendment, and, after some motions, then Senator Gramm of Texas offered his amendment. At that point, I was supposed to have been next. But as it stands, now I am coming up with this look-back amendment in this fashion. It is an amendment which I am happy to sponsor with Senator DeWine of Ohio, as well as Senator Wyden of Oregon, Senator Chafee of Rhode Island, Senators Harkin, Collins, Kennedy, Snowe, Daschle, Conrad, and Reed. This is truly a bipartisan amendment. I hope that those who are following this debate will understand the significance of this amendment.  The look-back provisions in the bill are really important in terms of enforcement. This term look-back is a relatively new term. It is not one created by the Congress. It is, in fact, a term of art which came about as a result of negotiation after the State attorneys general sat down with the tobacco companies. This is really an effort to make certain that the tobacco companies keep their word and reduce the number of young people in America who are smoking.  We have talked about imposing a new tax, or fee, on tobacco products with the belief that it will reduce teen smoking. But we are not certain. We don't know how much we will be able to achieve by increasing the tobacco fee by $1.10 a pack. We believe it could be significant. But it may not be enough.  That is why we have what is called a look-back provision. This is how it works. In years to come, we will do a survey of teenagers across America, and we will take a look particularly at children who are smoking. We will try to determine how many are smoking. We will also be able to determine what brands of tobacco they are using. With that information, we will be able to measure the effectiveness of the goal of this bill. We will look back on a periodic basis to determine how many children have been taken from the ranks of smokers or have not been recruited in the first place, and we will take a look at what they are smoking.  The look-back provisions are an important part of the agreement with the States' attorneys general. The tobacco companies knew this had to be part of the bargain. They couldn't walk away from the table with all of the things they hoped for, walk away from liability in a State suit, for example, without some assurance that they were in fact going to be genuine in their efforts to reduce teen smoking. The look-back language that is included in the McCain bill which came from the Commerce Committee is a very good start, but only a start.  That is the reason I am offering this amendment with Senator DeWine and others. We want to construct an effective look-back provision that will change companies' behavior and give them incentives to stop marketing to children.  Our look-back amendment does two very important things. First, it shifts the emphasis on any look-back assessment so that it will fall primarily onto tobacco companies that are the worst offenders rather than primarily on the industry as a whole. That is a major element in this debate.  If you were to ask what is the difference between the Durbin and DeWine amendment as opposed to the Commerce Committee bill, it is the fact that when we look back and determine whether or not the tobacco companies are keeping their word, whether in fact they are no longer marketing and selling to children, we believe at least in this amendment that we should hold individual companies responsible. The McCain bill, the Commerce bill, as good as it is--I think itis a good bill--looks at it primarily from an industry viewpoint. I will try to spell out here in more detail why I think that is not the way to go.  The second thing we do that is very important is, we restore the smoking reduction targets that were originally agreed to by the tobacco industry in their proposed settlement with the States' attorneys general last June. On both scores, this amendment is about accountability. Will these companies change their behavior? Will they stop their insidious marketing practices? Will they get honest in terms of the retailing of their product? We can find out. We can measure it. We can hold them accountable. If they don't live up to the reduction levels proposed in the legislation, they will face financial incentives to create the right climate and the right results.  Why do we need look-backs? Effective look-back provisions can help achieve the goal of reducing youth tobacco use and change the current incentives that drive tobacco companies to market to children. Make no mistake. We have gone through this debate over and over. You will recall that for years the tobacco companies used to say, ``This isn't fair. We are not trying to sell to kids.'' Then, of course, lawsuits were filed across the Nation. We required them to disclose the documents they were using. Along come these documents. It turns out that these tobacco company executives were not as honest as they should have been.  You all may recall this great scene that occurred about 4 years ago in the U.S. House of Representatives when the eight tobacco company executives came before the Commerce Committee in the House of Representatives. This ``gang of eight'' raised their hands and solemnly said under oath that nicotine is not addictive. America laughed, because they knew that once again the tobacco companies had made an incredible statement, literally one that had no credence whatsoever. When the tobacco companies told us nicotine wasn't addictive, that they were not adding nicotine or manipulating it in cigarettes, that they were not trying to sell to kids, it turns out they were wrong on all counts. So much for the credibility of the ``gang of eight.'' Incidentally, they are no longer the managers of these companies. But, nevertheless, their successors still have to be held accountable.  Today, each new child who starts to smoke represents a new profit opportunity for tobacco companies. Tobacco companies have a tough go of it. Think about it. If you were running their business--every year they lose 2 million of their best customers. But a half a million people will die from tobacco-related diseases. Another 1.5 million will finally be able to quit and break the habit, or will die of other causes.  If you are running a company losing 2 million customers a year, you need new ones. Where will you turn? You know adults are not your most likely market. They are usually smarter, a little more mature, and they know the danger of tobacco. They are not easily lured into the addiction. You have to go after the kids, and get the kids in their rebellious youth when they are willing to try anything and think they are going to live forever, and get them started on tobacco. If you can get a kid to start smoking cigarettes or chewing tobacco, it will develop into an addiction. The drug in that tobacco will go into that child's system and create a craving for this product that is very tough to stop. For those children who think that it is an easy thing to quit this addiction, it is not. The earlier they try to stop, the better. But the tobacco companies know that.  Since most smokers start as children, children are the only available replacement smokers to take the place of these 2 million lost customers. In addition, we know that smokers are generally very loyal to the first brand that they smoke. We all know people who will only smoke certain brands--Marlboros, the cancer cowboy's cigarette, or Kools, Camels, whatever it happens to be. Many people who started with the brand when they were kids stay with it for a lifetime, albeit a shortened lifetime.  These facts and the desire to give their shareholders steady profits lead the tobacco companies to market to children to ensure their future markets. The strong look-back provisions will totally reverse the economic incentives for marketing to children. It will say to the industry and to each company that they have an incentive to prevent their products from appealing to children. Manufacturers will start using what they have learned about teenage tobacco use to avoid having children use their products because every new child who picks up a cigarette or pockets a can of snuff will be an economic loss to the company.  Our goal is not to punish the companies or gain revenues. If this never generates a cent, that would be fine. But basically what we are trying to do is meet the smoking reduction targets. Our goal is to create the incentives which help achieve actual reductions in underage tobacco use so companies might never have to pay a penny of these look-back assessments. We are going to do our part. We are going to have youth access restrictions, counteradvertising, public education, and other governmental efforts to reduce youth smoking. We expect the tobacco manufacturers to do their part as well. And that is what this amendment is all about--accountability.  Why focus on company-specific assessments? In the bill that is pending, a much greater share of the look-back assessments are imposed on the whole industry rather than on specific companies. There is a $4 billion annual cap on industry-wide payments that is much greater than the company-specific assessment. Although the company-specific charges could be as much as $3 to $4 billion in extreme cases, it is more likely they are going to be a lot smaller. If all the companies miss their target by 10 percentage points, the company-specific surcharges would only equal $640 million. If they miss by 20 percent, it would be $1.3 billion compared to nearly $4 billion for the industry as a whole.  Let me show a chart here which gives you an idea of the difference between the look-back provisions that we are discussing.  Consider the fact that we are setting these targets to reduce youth smoking, and these targets say that over a 10-year period of time we are going to bring down smoking among kids by a certain percentage.  What happens, let's say, in the fifth year after this legislation passes when the tobacco companies as an industry are supposed to reduce the number of kids smoking by 40 percent? What happens if the largest company misses it by 20 percent, if instead of having a 40-percent reduction, they only have a 20-percent reduction?  Look at what occurs. Under this comparison of the Commerce Committee bill, and this amendment by Senator DeWine and myself, the industry as a whole would face a penalty of 10 cents a pack and the individual company 9 cents a pack if they miss it by 20 percent under the Commerce Committee bill.  But look at the other side now if our amendment prevails--6 cents for the industry per pack, but 29 cents for the offending company. Doesn't that make more sense? If we know as a result of our surveys that the kids are smoking Camels, for example, shouldn't R.J. Reynolds be held accountable? They are the company that makes the brand. They market the brand. They retail the brand. They have an obligation under this law to reduce teen usage of their brand of cigarettes.  If you don't do that, think of the perverse situation where one company is trying its best to reduce teen usage and youth usage and another company ignores it. Under this bill, the penalty is spread across the industry by and large, and there is not that much of a forfeiture of funds for the individual company as would occur under the DeWine and Durbin amendment. We want to make this more company-specific.  This approach, which currently is in the bill, risks creating incentives for some company to keep building future market share. There is money to be made here. As long as these kids are smoking, these companies are making money. We want to make sure the profit is taken out of this. Our amendment increases the company-specific payments, reduces the industry-wide payments.  This amendment will not necessarily increase the price of cigarettes. I want to really pause for a moment on this point because I think it is so important. We have had a lengthy debateover the last several days about whether or not we are imposing, at least indirectly, new taxes on lower income individuals, whether by raising the price of a package of cigarettes we are passing along to lower income and middle-income individuals more of a tax burden.  Think about this for a moment. Assume we have two companies and the Durbin-DeWine amendment is enacted. One of the companies is doing a good job; it is reducing its sales to minors--very happy with the results. The other company has made a calculation. The other company says we are not going to be so tough or restrictive. We will, frankly, look the other way. We are going to continue to do some marketing that we know appeals to kids. We are going to kind of tell our retailers we are not going to enforce the law that stringently, and so look what happens. If that occurs under the existing bill, they are both going to be treated equally in the industry-wide assessments; both will be facing these additional costs per pack equally.  Under our approach, it will be significantly different and the company that is a bad actor, the company that is not trying to reduce sales to kids is a company that will face a much, much larger charge per pack. Now, what do you do? If you are the company that has been selling to kids, it turns out kids are smoking your brand, you are facing this kind of payment. You can't add this price to the package of cigarettes because your competitor isn't doing the same. You have to absorb this cost in your bottom line. So the consumers are protected from the price increase, and basically the company really pays a price for what they have done.  This bill presently before us also reduces youth smoking reduction targets relative to what the industry agreed to last year. This second and very important element in the bill is one I would like us to pause and reflect on. Just last year, these tobacco companies came together, and with the State attorneys general said we agree to the following targets to reduce the number of smokers each year.  Well, a year has passed. The issue has come to Capitol Hill. We debated it back and forth and now we have a chance to enact this legislation. What has happened during the course of that year? The tobacco companies have done very well. They have done very well in luring more children into this addiction. In fact, since 1991, we have seen a dramatic increase in the percentage of kids who are smoking. That is a sad commentary. It is a sad fact of life.  What Senator DeWine and I are doing in our amendment is going back to the original targets the tobacco companies set in their agreement with the attorneys general. So instead of the McCain or Commerce Committee bill reducing smoking by 60 percent of kids over 10 years, we hit a target of 67 percent in the equivalent course of time, getting them to quit or sparing more kids from the possibility of becoming smokers and of facing disease and premature death. Four-hundred and fifty thousand more children will be protected with the Durbin-DeWine amendment by the year 2008 than in the underlying bill. There will be 450,000 fewer smokers if the tobacco companies continue to meet their reduction targets of 67 percent instead of 60 percent; 150,000 fewer premature deaths--we know that about a third of smokers are going to die young as a result of this habit; $2.8 billion in lifetime social costs are avoided; and we have the same real target as the original proposed settlement. I think that makes sense.  The next question is the constitutionality question. The tobacco companies claim that these look-back provisions are unconstitutional. But both the Department of Justice and the Congressional Research Service have studied the issue and concluded they are wrong. Just as we hold companies responsible for clean air attainment standards, we can hold them responsible to help reduce youth smoking rates.  The courts have required that there be a rational basis for this type of program, and this amendment is based on a very rational consideration. If companies' assessments or surcharges raise their cost of doing business as usual, they will consider it an incentive to change their behavior and use the knowledge they have gained over the years in terms of selling to kids, to stop selling to kids.  With regard to the argument that this might violate due process, the purpose of the look-back assessments is to supplement the other measures in the bill designed to reduce youth smoking rates, including the bill's price increases, and to encourage the industry, which is uniquely able to develop innovative strategies, to take the action to minimize youth smoking.  The look-back provisions don't violate the Constitution's bill of attainder. All of us who studied the Constitution over the years wondered if we would ever run into a case where somebody would start talking about a bill of attainder. I didn't think I would ever face that in my life on Earth, and here we are on the floor of the Senate talking about a bill of attainder.  The bill of attainder in the Constitution prohibits singling out particular individuals or entities for legislatively mandated punishments. The tobacco companies have said: Oh, this look-back provision is a bill of attainder. The Department of Justice states the look-back provisions apply to all manufacturers of tobacco products, not a single company, and would operate as one component of a comprehensive industry-wide reform. Additionally, look-back provisions are not penalties for industry misconduct so much as an affirmative step to reduce youth smoking.  I think the tobacco industry's constitutional argument is a weak one, designed to shift away the attention from their marketing to kids.  Let me respond quickly to a few other items, and then I will be happy to defer to my colleague and cosponsor, Senator DeWine.  