President, I would like to explain this amendment. It is rather simple, straightforward. It is, again, on the issue of guns. I am hoping now, for the first time today, that we can find some consensus on that issue. And I have spoken to some of my former adversaries, and there may be a chance. But I would like to explain what this amendment does.  Earlier today, we have said in our votes on this floor--this body has said--that when it comes to requiring people who purchase guns in the United States when they purchase a handgun to buy a trigger lock, we voted no, they should not be required to buy a trigger lock. Then we said, if you are going to have a criminal background check when you buy a gun in this country, you do not have to pay for it; other taxpayers have to pay for it; it is free. Those are the two votes so far.  I hope that I am going to broach a subject here where we can find some common ground on the issue of owning guns. Remember with me, for a moment, last year when there was a terrible killing at the Empire State Building. Gun violence in America, unfortunately, is not novel. We read about it every day, and we see it on the news.  But it struck me as odd when I heard about this case because, if you will remember--and I think I have the sequence correctly--a resident of the Nation of Lebanon came to the United States on a nonimmigrant visa, such as a tourist visa. When he arrived in the United States, he visited the State ofFlorida, which has relatively lax laws in terms of the purchase of firearms. He bought a firearm in Florida, took it up to the Empire State Building, and gunned down several innocent people, other tourists at the Empire State Building.  It struck me as odd that while we enshrine the right of American citizens to own firearms, we apparently have few, if any, ways to check when people come into this country to buy a gun as to whether or not they are citizens of this country.  So in this case, a man from another nation, a tourist, bought a gun and killed innocent Americans. I think that goes too far. I think, frankly, we ought to say that if you come into this country as our guest, not as a citizen of the United States, that we are going to restrict your right to purchase a firearm. You are not a citizen of our country; we have a right to impose such restrictions on you.  So here is what we do: We say to the Immigration and Naturalization Service, send over, through your computers, the names of those who are in this country legally on these visas; we will put them into our background check. If this individual had shown up at a gun store and said, ``I want to purchase a gun,'' they would put his name in the computer. And if he came up as a nonimmigrant visa holder, not a citizen of the United States, they would have said, ``No''; and had they said no to this man, several Americans might be alive today.  I don't think that is an unreasonable requirement. In considering this amendment, I should think that people might question whether or not it is our obligation in this Nation, under the Constitution or otherwise, to arm people who come to visit us. I am not sure it is.  Now, we do make exceptions, and I want to make certain that those who read this amendment understand the exceptions. We tried to imagine the exceptions of those coming to the United States on nonimmigrant visas who might need to own a gun for very real and legal purposes.  Here are the exceptions that we included: We said if you are someone who has come to the United States for lawful hunting or sporting hunts--so you have someone who enjoys hunting and can legally do so in the United States, who comes here for that purpose, goes to the far west, wherever it might be, that person is exempt. That person may purchase a gun while here for that purpose.  An official representative of foreign governments--certainly, any head of state brings a security contingent with him and that person may possess a gun.  Those who are credited with the U.S. Government's mission to an international organization; those en route from one country to another; an official of a foreign government or a distinguished foreign visitor, a foreign law enforcement officer.  We try to say these are categories of people which might in the ordinary course of events have a gun, need to purchase a gun, for very legitimate purposes.  Now, what about those who are there on a nonimmigrant visa for a longer period of time? I am willing to concede that some are here for maybe even years legally on nonimmigrant visas and may need a gun at some point. We even put a provision in for that.  A waiver of this requirement--if a person has resided in the United States for 180 days and can provide a statement to our Government from his Embassy or consulate that says he is authorized to acquire a firearm and he doesn't have a criminal record in his home country.  So I think we have created exceptions which will allow those people who are here on nonimmigrant visas, who are not here to commit a crime, an opportunity to purchase or own a firearm. Yet we have said that tourists from any nation who comes in, buys a firearm, commits an act of terrorism or murder, is not welcome. We are not going to make it easy for them.  That is the amendment which I have offered. I hope that those who are mulling over its provisions will come to the conclusion that it is not an unreasonable suggestion. I hope those who visit our country understand they are welcome. When it comes to purchasing a gun, which may lead to a violent crime, we are at least going to ask some questions. I think the people of America expect us to ask those questions.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  