President, today the Senate will vote on the conference report to the Intermodal Surface Transportaton Efficiency Act (ISTEA). I wanted to take this opportunity to discuss the benefits of this legislation for my home state of Illinois.  This conference report is truly historic. It makes the largest investment to date in our nation's aging infrastructure, $216 billion over the next six years. In short, this conference report increases the State of Illinois' total ISTEA dollars and provides greater flexibility. It goes a long way toward improving the conditions of Illinois' roads and bridges, properly funding mass transit in Chicago and downstate, alleviating congestion, and addressing highway safety and the environment.  The bill provides $175 billion over six years for highways, highway safety, and other surface transportation programs. Illinois has the third largest Interstate system in the country; however, its roads and bridges are rated as the second worst in the nation. The State can expect to receive about $5.3 billion over six years from the highway formula. That's nearly a 30 percent increase or $1.2 billion more than the ISTEA of 1991.  Major reconstruction and rehabilitation projects like Downtown Chicago's Wacker Drive and the Stevenson Expressway (I-55) will be able to move forward thanks, in large part, to this legislation. The conference report designates $25 million each for both of these priority projects. In addition, both the Stevenson Expressway and Wacker Drive projects will be able to compete for federal funds through certain discretionary programs.  The conference report also includes funding for over 100 high priority projects from throughout the State worth more than $375 million.  Mass transit funding is vitally important to the Chicago metropolitan area as well as to many downstate communities. It helps alleviate congestion and provides access for thousands of Illinoisans everyday. The conference report includes $41 billion over six years for mass transit. Illinois can expect to receive about $2.5 billion over six years, a 67 percent increase or $1 billion more than the 1991 ISTEA.  The conference report authorizes the Chicago Transit Authority to expand the capacity of the Ravenswood Brown Line and fully funds the rebuilding of the Douglas Branch of the Blue Line. It also will help METRA expand Northeastern Illinois' commuter rail system by double-tracking and extending service into rapidly growing areas. The Metro Link light rail system in St. Clair County will have the ability to complete an extension from East St. Louis through Belleville Area College to MidAmerica Airport under the conference report. The transit provisions will also help transit authorities throughout the State purchase and upgrade buses and bus facilities.  The conference report also includes $150 million per year for the Jobs Access and Reverse Commute Grants program. This program will assist communities in filling the gaps in transit service that prevent welfare recipients from finding and keeping the jobs they need to remain self-sufficient.  Congress also has made a commitment to high-speed passenger rail, a safe, cost-effective means of transportation, in this conference report. With increased funding, it is my hope that the Midwest can develop an effective transportation system.  This legislation also preserves and expands some important environmental and enhancement programs, including the Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality (CMAQ) program. CMAQ's goal is to help states meet their air quality conformity requirements as prescribed by the Clean Air Act. The conference report increases funding for CMAQ by 18 percent. Illinois can expect more than $1 billion over six years under the program. The report also fully funds transportation enhancement activities, such as bicycle pedestrian facilities and historic preservation.  Illinois is one of 15 states that has been responsible enough to pass a .08 legal blood-alcohol concentration level for drivers. The State has had .08 BAC since July of 1997 and we are already beginning to see positive results. Unfortunately, the conference committee did not include language that would have sanctioned states that refused to pass .08 BAC legislaton. Instead, Illinois and other states who have passed .08 will receive as much as $6 million per year in highway safety incentives.  I am pleased that the conference report extends the current excise tax exemption for an important Illinois product--corn-based, renewable ethanol fuel--through 2007. Farmers and the ethanol industry must have the ability to plan for the future. Extending the incentive gives them the tools necessary to expand their operations and this important industry while improving the environment and decreasing our dependence on foreign oil.  Mr. President, I know this conference report is not a perfect document. Illinois' highway formula should be higher. I will work with the Administration to ensure that Illinois competes for and receives a fair share of discretionary transportation funds available as a result of this conference report. With the passage of this legislation, Congress has upheld its obligation to reauthorize and improve our nation's important transportation programs. I am pleased to support this measure.  