 I suppose since we have a constitutional right to exercise our religious belief, then it is the responsibility of taxpayers to pay for my priest or minister. I don't think so. I don't think so.  In this situation, the American people are coming forward and saying, ``We want to exercise our right to own a gun.'' We are saying, ``Fine, so long as you don't misuse it and you are not a person with a background where you are likely to misuse it.'' And if you are going to submit yourself to this background check, be prepared to pay for it.  The Senator from Delaware makes a good point. If we are going to hire people to work in nursing homes and child care facilities that need background checks--and that is not a bad idea--why shouldn't they, as a condition of employment, pay for the background check? Why should this be the responsibility of every taxpayer?  The Senator from New Hampshire wants to say to the prospective gun owners they have the right to come to the Government and say, ``I want it for nothing.'' When you get it for nothing, someone will pay for it. In this situation, the FBI pays for it.  Do you know why the FBI appropriation has gone up, as the Senator from Idaho has said? Because we keep giving them more responsibilities--do fingerprint checks on anybody who wants to be a new citizen in the United States; get serious about dealing with drugs across borders, make certain that you have the wherewithal to do it; fight terrorism. We tell them to do all of these things and now the Senator from Idaho says they should have enough money to absorb this $50 to $75 million loss. I think they are wrong.  I think those who are for law and order and for law enforcement have to vote against this amendment offered by the Senator from New Hampshire. Let those who want to purchase a gun and exercise their right, exercise their responsibility to pay for this check, to make certain that those people who worry about gun violence have less to worry about.  I hope my colleagues will join me in opposing this amendment from the Senator from New Hampshire.  