 The great philosopher Kris Kristofferson once said, ``Freedom is just another word for nothing left to lose.'' I believe those were actually sung or spoken by the late, great Janice Joplin.  This amendment characterized as the Freedom of Health Care Choice for Medicare Seniors, on its face, appears to be a positive addition to the Medicare system. You would think if you proposed, as the Senator from Arizona does, that we will give more freedom to Medicare seniors--more freedom--that you would just guess that the major senior organizations from around the country would be unified in support of this amendment. In fact, they are unified in opposition to this amendment. So there might be more to this amendment than freedom. There is something to lose in this amendment.  Let me get down to the bottom line of what all this debate is about. This debate is about whether a Medicare senior going into a doctor's office is going to have to pay according to an established Medicare schedule or whether that doctor can charge more. So it is whether the doctor--some doctors have the freedom to charge some seniors more for services. You might argue that that is necessary if there is a shortage of doctors providing benefits to Medicare seniors. But, lo and behold, 96 percent of doctors are already providing benefits to Medicare seniors. So virtually all of the doctors, 96 percent of them nationwide, have signed on. They are prepared to treat Medicare seniors and to be paid according to the fee schedule.  What is at stake here is not about doctors in service but, rather, whether or not some doctors can charge more. What will this mean to us when we reach the Medicare eligibility age, which is creeping up on many of us, or our parents, or grandparents? It may mean before you have a chance--if the amendment of the Senator from Arizona prevails, before you have a chance to talk to your doctor about your problem, if you are a Medicare senior with this new ``freedom,'' first you will have to talk to the accountant in the office, who is going to want to know a little bit about your salary, your net worth, and how much they can charge you for the benefits they will provide. For some, that may be freedom. From where I am standing, that is not freedom. In fact, it restricts the rights which seniors already have.  I think we ought to take a look at this amendment for what it really does. Private contracting sounds good on its face, unless you understand what you lose in the process of private contracting. In this situation, it means for seniors that instead of knowing what they pay when they go to the doctor's office, it really is going to be an uncertainty; they won't know. They will walk into the office uncertain whether that doctor will charge considerably more than they might have expected. That is the reason every seniors group--the AARP, the National Council of Senior Citizens, Families USA, and others--have come out in opposition to this amendment.  I might also add that there have been groups, one group in particular, which is called the United Seniors Association, which is sending mailings to seniors and would-be seniors. Lo and behold, I ended up on their mailing list. They were writing on behalf of this amendment's concept. I don't believe they were authorized by the Senator from Arizona. I am sure they were not. But they are, unfortunately, spreading some rather alarming news to seniors across America.  Listen to what it says on the front of the envelope sent to my home in Springfield, Il:       Mr. and Mrs. Richard Durbin: As of January 1998, our      government for the first time ever will stop everyone over      age 64 from getting lifesaving medical treatment.  If you receive this and you are a senior, or close to it, boy, you will open it up in a hurry. What you find in here is a total misrepresentation of the Medicare system as it currently exists. The Medicare system in America is a very successful medical system. It is true that we will need to deal with the fact that the cost of health care continues to go up and our resources to pay for it are not matching that, but the bottom line is from the viewpoint of parties. They are happy with the system. They are content with the care they are receiving. They don't want Members of Congress, House or the Senate, meddling with the basic Medicare system. This amendment, this so-called private contracting freedom amendment, meddles with the system in a way that most seniors are not going to be happy with.  Some doctors will, because they can charge more. But for a lot of seniors, we will find them really disadvantaged. For 38 million Americans who rely on the system, I think it would be a serious mistake for us to adopt this amendment. As a matter of fact, Senator Chafee and I will be offering an amendment at a later time in this debate which I think more correctly addresses the feelings that I hope more Members of the Senate share about the future of the Medicare system. In that amendment, we say as a sense of Congress that the assumptions underlying the functional totals in this budget resolution assume that seniors have the right to affordable, high-quality health care, and they have the right to choose their doctors, and no change should be made to the Medicare Program that could impose unreasonable and unpredictable out-of-pocket costs for seniors or erode their benefits.  If the Senator from Arizona prevails with his amendment, we cannot make that claim, because the benefits provided to seniors will be unpredictable in cost. Each doctor can decide how much more they want to charge.  We also say in our resolution that we don't want to compromise the efforts of the Secretary of Health and Human Services to screen inappropriate or fraudulent claims for reimbursement and, finally, to allow unscrupulous providers under the program to bill twice for the same services. Senator Chafee and I will offer this later during the course of the debate. I hope my colleagues, Democrat and Republicans, will join us in supporting it.  In closing, let me say I know the Senator from Arizona is firm in his belief that this would be a solid addition to the Medicare system. I happen to think the system as it currently exists, with predictable costs and predictable services for seniors, is exactly what they want to protect.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  