 This debate has had a lot of reference to personal responsibility. We ought to keep a board up here to check off every time someone says ``personal responsibility.'' We are talking about bankruptcy, and I think people who go into bankruptcy court should be personally responsible. I agree. Most Democrats agree. Most Republicans agree. There are some people abusing the bankruptcy system. We ought to change it.  The purpose of this bill is to tighten it up so that the abusers cannot takeadvantage of bankruptcy to the disadvantage of everybody else in America.  But in addition to personal responsibility, can't we discuss corporate responsibility here? Don't the credit card companies have some responsibility to make certain that they don't offer risky credit, luring children and people who are unwitting into credit situations, and then watching it topple over them? Those same credit card companies which come to us and say, once these people have fallen deep in debt, once they have all this credit card debt that they can't get out of, and go to bankruptcy court, be strict and tough with them--I agree with that, but shouldn't we also have a standard which says these companies should be responsible in dealing with American consumers?  Senator Dodd offers an amendment which is timely. Listen to this. Bankruptcies among those under the age of 25 have doubled in the last 5 years. It is estimated that a college student in the first few months on campus will receive 50 solicitations for credit cards. A student without virtually any income is going to be that target customer. As Senator Dodd has said over and over again, too many kids who are lured into easy credit before they have an income or the maturity to handle it end up deeply in debt, and many of them jeopardize their education as a result of it.  The Senator from Alabama said he wanted his children to have a credit card at college. I wanted mine to have one as well. He would have gladly signed for that. I would have as well. That is exactly what the Dodd amendment says. If a parent will put a signature on the line, the credit card is there for the college student.  But I salute the Senator from Connecticut. I support his amendment. I think we are talking about corporate responsibility and personal responsibility.  