President, I rise today to join my colleague, Senator Moseley-Braun, in honoring DePaul University on its 100th anniversary.  The students, alumni, and faculty of DePaul University have much to be proud of. One hundred years ago, a group of Vincentian fathers founded what would become DePaul University in order to teach immigrants who would otherwise be denied access to a college education. Since that time, DePaul has been guided by its original mission: to foster in higher education a respect for all persons and a commitment to service of others.  It is no surprise that DePaul produces some of Illinois' top citizens and plays a significant role in the Illinois economy. The University has distinguished itself in major education fields such as business, law, telecommunications, and art. The School of Education has provided the Chicago metropolitan area with many devoted and innovative professional elementary and high school teachers. Further, DePaul's School of Business is a nationally ranked program that has been recognized as one of the best in the nation.  Moreover, the DePaul School of Law has garnered an international reputation for its work in international human rights. The International Criminal Justice and Weapons Control Center of DePaul University is working to establish an International Criminal Court in order to discourage war crimes.  In keeping with its original mission to teach immigrants who faced disadvantages, DePaul continues to be committed to educating minority students who still face barriers to their advancement. The University is nationally recognized for the diversity of its faculty and enrolls the largest number of African-American and Latino students of any private college or university in Illinois.  DePaul has matured into a prestigious university and an integral part of the city of Chicago. There are over 65,000 working DePaul graduates living in Illinois. Further, DePaul graduates are prominent in every facet of employment, including law, business, and the arts.  Again, I extend my congratulations to DePaul University. The University has proven itself to be a great asset to the state of Illinois and the city of Chicago. I hope that its second century proves to be as successful as its first.  