 Mr. President, I rise in support of this resolution. Members of the Senate and the House often wonder about America and the districts and States, and try to perceive the issues that American families really care about. I invite the Members of the Senate to go to the movie theater and see ``As Good As It Gets,'' with the top actor awardgoing to Jack Nicholson and the top actress award going to Helen Hunt. At one point in this movie, Helen Hunt, the mother of an asthmatic child, vents on her beliefs about HMOs and managed care. Do you know what happens in movie theaters across America? They break out in applause--applauding the fact that this poor woman on the screen is struggling with an asthmatic child and is caught up with the bureaucracy of managed care.  I will concede the point made by the Senator from New Mexico. Managed care is designed to reduce costs. The people who manage these systems are trying to reduce costs, reduce services, and, of course, maximize their profits. The resolution offered by the Senator from Massachusetts looks at it from the perspective of the patient, of the family, and of the physician. Are we going to speak to that as well?  This goes beyond the bottom line. This goes to a basic question. If I go into a doctor's office with my wife, myself, or one of my children, can I trust that doctor giving me advice based on his medical education and the science that he has available? Or is he telling me that the option for my family is one dictated by some manual, some code, some book out of a managed care office in some part of the country that bears no relationship to my personal need?  That is what this is about--the trust that we need to restore so patients seeing doctors know they are getting medical advice and not insurance recommendations.  Second, accountability--that these managed care plans are held accountable. Today, they dictate to doctors what they will do, the procedures that are allowed, where they will take place, and how long they will last. Forget the patient. We are talking about the bottom line. When they make a mistake--and sometimes these mistakes are fatal--they are not held accountable under the law.  What Senator Kennedy is suggesting here is not only restoring the trust between doctors and patients but also restoring accountability in the system. So that when the managed care clerk off somewhere in Omaha, NE, pages through the manual to decide your fate in that hospital bed they are held accountable--not just for the bottom line but what happens to your health, your family, and your future.  I am glad we are having this debate. I think this is just the opening salvo.  For those who think everybody is rosy in America, American families could care less, and managed care is all perfect, please take a trip to the movie theater and see ``As Good As It Gets.''  