President, I thank the Senator for yielding to me.  Mr. President, when I try to understand the logic of those who oppose this bipartisan campaign finance reform and try to understand their thinking, which concludes that both the rich and the poor in America should have the right to purchase millions of dollars in television time, my mind is drawn to a movie, the movie ``Titanic.''  What is the link between the opposition to McCain-Feingold and the fate of the Titanic? On the Titanic, only 5 percent of the first-class women passengers drowned; more than 50 percent of all the women in the lowest class cabin drowned.  Now, in the eyes of those who oppose McCain-Feingold, everyone on the Titanic had the right to a lifeboat. Unfortunately, they would have to conclude, I guess, that those passengers in first-class cabins were just better swimmers. In fact, on the Titanic, they locked the doors of the cabin class until all the lifeboats had been opened for first-class passengers.  It reminds me too of their logic that the rich need to have their opportunity to exercise free speech. It reminds me of the old case in law school or the old story in law school that said the law, in its infinite wisdom, makes it a crime for the wealthy as well as the homeless to sleep under bridges. That gives us an insight, I think, into the thought processes that guide those who oppose this bipartisan campaign finance reform.  We have to understand what the result of the current campaign financing system is. It is a system without rules and without any moral grounding. It is a system heavily weighted in favor of the insiders, the grifters and those middle-age crazy millionaires who just cannot get the melody of ``Hail to the Chief'' out of their minds. The flaw in their thinking in supporting the current campaign system is their conclusion that campaign spending limitations restrain speech.  I know the Supreme Court reached that decision over 20 years ago. And I guess there is some value that the Supreme Court Justices by and large have never been political candidates. They have not been sullied by this nasty process. But that decision and their conclusion lacked any grounding in the real world of campaigns.  The campaign system we have today, where wealth buys speech, creates in fact, if not in law, a restraint on speech more insidious than any frontal assault on the first amendment. We give the candidates of modest means a throat lozenge and a soap box and give the wealthiest candidates the magic lantern of television and all its proven power of persuasion. The opponents to McCain-Feingold are blind to this obvious disparity and its consequences.  Now in this debate over changing our campaign system, if you stay tuned today, and perhaps later in the week, do not be surprised that the ``haves'' in politics are unwilling to concede any ground to the ``have-nots.''  If Machiavelli did not write this axiom, he should have: ``No party in power will ever willingly surrender the means by which they came to power.''  The Republican party is and always has been more adept at fundraising. They seldom lose for lack of money, only for lack of talent or ideas. And now we have a situation where eight Republicans have stood up and said that they are for campaign finance reform. They deserve our praise. It took courage for them to do it.  John McCain, who has joined Senator Russ Feingold, deserves that recognition, as well as Senators Chafee, Susan Collins, Tim Hutchinson, Jim Jeffords, Olympia Snowe, Arlen Specter and Fred Thompson. But I hope we can rally some more Republican support to join the 45 Democrats who are on the record for real reform.  Step back for a minute and ask yourself this question: Is the current campaign system serving America? Not whether it is good for Democrat or Republican incumbents or challengers. Is it serving America?  Let me show you two charts to take a look at. This is an interesting chart because it shows on this red line the percentage of eligible voters who are actually registered.  Back in 1964, 64 percent of eligible voters actually registered. By 1996, the number was up to 74.4 percent. That is good news, isn't it? More Americans are signing up to vote. We certainly want to encourage that. But look down here at the bottom line. Look at the turnout of voters for Presidential elections. The high number--61.92 percent over here in 1964--look how high it was in comparison to those eligible to vote who actually registered, and then look what happens in 1996, 49.08 percent actually turned out to vote for President.  So, 74.4 percent eligible, 49 percent turned out, the lowest percentage turnout of eligible voters since 1924. In 1924, the first year when women were allowed to vote, it was a year when it was an extraordinary count. There were more eligible women than actually voted. You have to go back to 1830 to find this low a turnout.  