The comments made by the Senator from the State of Washington suggested an enormous percentage of the funds which were being appropriated at the Federal level were spent on administration. I have in my hand an April 1998 report by the Secretary of Education that was requested by appropriators from Congress that is based on data from States, the Coopers & Lybrand financial analysis model, and GAO reports, completed this summer, which I think should be part of the Record on this debate, and it says:       One-half of 1 percent of the Federal funding for elementary      and secondary education programs is spent on Federal      administration.  One-half of 1 percent.       States retain on average an additional 2 percent. The      remaining 97.5 percent goes to local school districts.  End of quote from the report. To suggest that it is 50 to 60 percent cost of administration really doesn't square with the facts given us in this report.       Across more than 20 major State formula programs, States,      in fiscal year 1995, retained an average of only 4 percent of      the money at the State level; they distributed the remaining      96 percent to school districts and other recipients, such as      colleges and universities. For the program under the      Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the percent retained      at the State level was even lower--about 2 percent. For Title      I, the largest Federal elementary and secondary program,      States retain only about 1 percent of the funds. . .       The Department uses a very small portion of our      appropriation for Federal administration. In fiscal year      1999, we will expend only about $87 million to administer      some $20 billion in elementary and secondary programs; these      funds come from a separate Program Administration budget      account, not from funds appropriated for grants to States or      school districts. Even with the addition of related research,      leadership, and operations costs, the Department spends only      the equivalent of about 0.5 percent of elementary and      secondary funds for Federal administration.  