I do not believe we can allow these major oil companies to hide behind the skirts of these independent oil producers who are struggling to survive.  A letter from Secretary Babbitt that was sent to USA Today on this subject says that his data tells an entirely different story.       Business is booming in the Gulf of Mexico. The industry      recently paid more than $1.3 for new deep water leases in the      gulf. Published reports claim there are more jobs available      than workers to fill them.  This is hardly an industry on its knees. And we are talking here about those who will come on our land, the taxpayers' land, the Federal land, draw oil from our land to make a profit, who are unwilling to pay a fair share of that profit back to the taxpayers of this country.  Right outside of this Chamber in the corridor is the bust of a man who I consider to be a real inspiration in public life, Theodore Roosevelt. I would like to hear Theodore Roosevelt in this debate. If you take a look at this bust here, if you have a chance to see it, it looks like he is about to charge right off the pedestal; that is the kind of man he was. And then when you read the sign below it, it says they picked the more common, thoughtful pose; there was one that was more aggressive. I can imagine Theodore Roosevelt in this Chamber talking about the public lands and the exploitation of these lands by special interest groups and big corporations at the expense of the taxpayers of this country.  I might say to my friend from New Mexico, I believe that that Senator, if he were one, would have been on your side of the aisle making our argument, and thank goodness he was there to set the tone in this century for the profit relationship between corporations and the public good. Thank goodness the Senator from California has the courage to stand up here and take on the oil giants when it comes to this issue.  This is simple and straightforward. Will the taxpayers receive a fair amount from those who would come on our land to drill oil from the taxpayers' resources and whether or not this is going to pass.  I say to my colleague from California and those who support her that she has taken on an important issue, one that is critically important not just for the money for those who would receive it but one principle: If this position that is being espoused by the other side is so right and so good, why did we not have a hearing? Why did this not come before us with witnesses so that all could hear both sides of the stories, that the oil companies' executives who are making these billions of dollars could sit there in the chairs before the cameras and the microphones and explain it?  They could not face the music. They could not take that kind of scrutiny, and neither can this program. Let the Department of the Interior go forward on behalf of the taxpayers. Let them make sure that we receive a fair amount for those who would take profits from America's lands.  I yield back the remainder of my time. I yield the time back to the Senator from California.  Mr. Domenici addressed the Chair.  