President, I ask for recognition in support of his effort. I say to my colleagues in the Senate, we have, in the course of the century, embarked on major undertakings at the Federal level. Probably the most historic was the New Deal. The New Deal, which goes back some 65 years-plus, was an effort to bring this country out of a terrible situation. It was initiated by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and he tried very many different ideas to try to get America moving again.  I thought the hallmark of the New Deal was the willingness to concede that every new idea in the New Deal didn't work. Some of them had to be junked; some of them had to be changed substantially.  I was one who voted in favor of the welfare reform legislation. I believed that we needed to change the welfare system in this country, to change the mentality of welfare, to break the generational dependency that was repeating and repeating.  I said as I voted for it, and I repeat today, that bill, as drafted, was not perfect law by a long shot. It didn't reflect the reality of change that would take place across America. So since then, on four or five different occasions, we have modified welfare reform in order to be more responsive to the actual needs of Americans.  What the Senator from Minnesota is asking us to do is to open our eyes, go beyond the stereotypes, go beyond the cliches, look at the real people who are now making the life struggle to come off welfare and into an independent state and a state where they can raise their families in dignity.  I have met women like those who have written to Senator Wellstone. One I can recall is in Springfield. She is coming off welfare, attending the community college. Bringing her 12-year-old daughter to class with her because she had no one to watch her, keeping that daughter in class with her during the course of the day, and trying to find her way home in the evening by public transportation was making the ultimate sacrifice. She was going to get that associate degree and use it to improve her life and to help her daughter no matter what. We should never stand in the way of that.  What the Senator from Minnesota is saying is let us have the flexibility to recognize when people are making an honest and determined effort. Let us not set up these barriers and walls to progress. Let us join in a partnership and hold our hand out to help these people come up that ladder to success. I think when it comes to education, it should go out without debate and really without controversy here; that if we have people who are moving on the track to training and education which liberates them from welfare dependency, we shouldn't constrict them with rules or with our laws or our legal stereotypes.  I gladly support the Senator from Minnesota, and I hope that we can provide this flexibility, and with this flexibility, we can give more people an opportunity to succeed.  Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.  