President. I thank the Senator from Massachusetts for leading this debate, an important debate.  The first job that I ever had where I was paid an hourly wage was the result of two lies. I walked into a delicatessen at age 14 in the home State of the Presiding Officer, in St. Louis, MO, a place called Union Station. I bought a half dozen bagels for my mother. The man leaned over the counter and said, ``Are you looking for a job, boy?''  I said, ``Yes.''  He said, ``How old are you?''  And then the first lie came out. I was 14 and I said, ``I'm 16.''  ``OK.''  I said, ``How much does the job pay?''  Then the second lie came out. He said, ``The minimum wage, 60 cents an hour.''  With that exchange, we entered into a contract: An underage worker making less than the minimum wage got his first job besides delivering papers. I have had a lot of jobs ever since. I have met a lot of people along the way who have struggled at low-wage jobs and tried to make a living.  And this debate is really about them.  I guess there is a sense of frustration by some on the floor that these people in low-income categories will not be quiet. They keep speaking up and saying, ``We can't make it. We're not making it. We need more help. We're trying to keep our families together. We're trying to provide the basics for our kids, and $5.15 an hour just won't do it.''  A lot of people would wish that the so-called invisible hand of the market would be all that we rely on, but, fortunately, we do not. Fortunately, since the days of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, we have said this country will have a minimum wage, because we believe there is dignity in work and there is dignity attached to work that pays a decent wage.  Unfortunately, we politicians, who draw regular salaries, have fallen down on the job of keeping up with inflation. Take a look at this chart about what has happened to the real minimum wage while we have gone through all this political gasification on the floor of the House and the Senate.  Starting in 1955, it was the equivalent of $4.50 an hour; it was not that, but in 1997 dollars it would have been $4.50 an hour. We saw the minimum wage, the real wage, the earning power of the minimum wage reach a high of $7.38 and then plummet between 1970 and 1988 to a low of $4.34.  If Senator Kennedy is not successful with his effort today, you are going to see that line plummet again. What it means is the real earning power of people in low-income jobs will continue to descend; and as it continues to descend, it will be more difficult for them to provide clothing for their kids, any kind of health insurance, to pay rent on a decent place to live, to provide some of the amenities of life that all of us just take for granted.  I have listened to the arguments, and they are so weary and time worn that ``if you raise the minimum wage, we will increase unemployment.'' The spokesmen and spokeswomen for the business community have been giving us that song for as long as this debate has been on the floor of Congress. They cannot seem to divert their eyes away from their hymnal in singing this long enough to look at the facts. And the facts say just the opposite.  Look at what the impact on unemployment has been by our most recent increase in the minimum wage. When it was increased to $4.75, unemployment started going down. When it was increased to $5.15, it went down further. So the argument that raising the minimum wage forces employers to lay people off may happen in an isolated case or two, but in looking at the overall economy, you have to say there is no correlation here. The minimum wage has gone up and unemployment has gone down.  ``Oh,'' they say, ``wait a minute. You're not talking about the most vulnerable people. These are the first ones they are going to lay off, that teenager,'' like myself at age 14 or 16, or whatever, ``trying to go to work and make a minimum wage. Surely, they will be the first casualties.'' The facts do not support that. The facts say just the opposite.  Look at this. Unemployment continues to go down as the minimum wage goes up among teenagers age 16 to 19. They say, ``Well, there are special classes of teenagers.'' We all know the problems with minority teenagers. They are a special class. ``Surely, they'll be the first ones to suffer if we raise the minimum wage.'' Again, not the case. Minimum wage goes up; unemployment goes down.  There is really nothing to these arguments against an increase in the minimum wage. Frankly, we have heard so many of them--people who will not acknowledge that the last time we increased the minimum wage we saw an increase in employment in America.  The Senator from Oklahoma stood up and said, ``Be careful. If you raise this minimum wage, we're going to lose jobs.'' Since September 1996, the last time we raised the minimum wage, 61,000 new jobs have been created in the State of Oklahoma. There are 154,000 Oklahomans who would receive a raise of $1 an hour if this Kennedy amendment passed.  In my home State of Illinois, 179,000 new jobs have been created since we last increased the minimum wage. There are 374,000 Illinois workers and their families who are waiting for that, hoping that we will listen again to the need to raise this basic minimum wage.  Who are the people who will benefit? The teenagers and the minorities? Yes. But if you want to describe who they are, you have to look at the bigger picture. Sixty percent of them are women; 74 percent are adults, 20 years of age or older. Some want to refer to this as a kid wage. Seventy-four percent of the people who would benefit by this amendment are over 20 years of age, 8.9 million workers in the United States.  Work is an ennobling experience. It has been in my life, the lives of my parents and the lives of my children. I am glad that I did it. And I learned a lot in the experience. I always wanted to feel that I was getting paid fairly for hard work. Sure, I would work hard at my job to do a good job, but I would like to think when the paycheck came in I was getting a decent wage.  Fortunately, in my life, there were very few times that I ever struggled to make ends meet with my family. My wife and I weathered those years. But for some people this is a weekly experience--waiting for that paycheck to come in and wondering if they are going to make it.  Who are these people we are talking about? These are the people we entrust our parents to in nursing homes. These are the people who are changing the sheets on their beds, cleaning up after them. These are the people who we entrust our children to in day-care centers and our grandchildren--I might add since I am now in that vaunted category--grandparents worried about grandchildren. These day-care workers are making a minimum wage, and we give them the most precious cargo we can deliver in bringing in our children. These are the people who made the bed in your hotel room, who took the dirty dishes off your table, who took in your cleaning. These are the people who every day get up and go to work. They know that work is ennobling. They are asking for fairness.  I ask for 1 additional minute.  