President, here we go again.  There are people who hate trial lawyers just intuitively and instinctively. I guess the fact that I used to be one before I was elected to the House of Representatives, I kind of take exception to that observation.  But I can recall times in my legal practice when people would walk into my office who were literally dirt poor. They didn't have any money. They had been injured, or they had some claim. And, frankly, the only opportunity they had to go to court was if an attorney said, ``OK, we will take it on a contingency-fee basis. If we can win the case, then you pay a part of the winnings. If we don't win, you don't pay anything.'' Contingency fee, trial lawyers--for a lot of people, it is their only ticket to the courthouse.  Who in the world can come up with $50,000 or $100,000 to pay some lawyer or some legal firm when they need representation? A lot of Americans just can't do that.  So this is really a system of justice which gives the plaintiff a ticket to the door of the courthouse on a contingent basis: ``If we win, you pay the lawyer. If we lose, the lawyer gets nothing.''  Take the case of the tobacco companies. Imagine, if you will, 42 State attorneys general who said, ``We want to sue the tobacco companies, the largest corporations in America, the most politically powerful, a group that never loses a lawsuit. How are we going to do that?'' You can't stop the business of representing the attorney general of Illinois or California. The only way you can do this is by going to the private sector, to private attorneys, and saying to them, ``Will you give us a contingent-fee deal here?'' In other words, ``Will you join the State attorneys general in suing the tobacco companies? And, if we win--if we win--you will bepaid. If we lose, you won't get anything.'' Contingency fee basis. Trial lawyers.  And imagine the tobacco company executives when finally it dawned on them that 42 States had found these law firms around the country willing to take on the risk, willing to take the gamble. Was it a gamble, or was this a sure thing? History tells us it was the biggest legal gamble in the history of America. The tobacco companies had never lost a lawsuit--never. Yet, these law firms came forward and said, ``We will help the State attorneys general. We will sign on a contingency-fee basis. Win or lose, let's see what happens.'' We know what happened. It ended up that the tobacco companies came to the realization that they couldn't win. They sat down about a year ago with the States' attorneys general and tried to hammer out some kind of an agreement. Part of that agreement has to be, ``How are we going to pay these attorneys? We agreed we would pay them for what they were going to do if we won.''  Now come the tobacco companies and those people who have no use for trial lawyers to the floor of the U.S. Senate and say, ``We want to have a voice in this process. We want to rewrite these agreements. We want to decide what was fair and unfair.''  I don't think this is a fundamentally sound amendment. I think we should defeat this amendment. Let me give you one basic reason why we should defeat this amendment: Because the critics of the trial lawyers, the critics of the attorneys who brought these lawsuits against the tobacco companies, have done it again, ladies and gentleman. They have come in and said it is an outrage to pay lawyers this amount of money, an absolute disgrace, if they are plaintiffs' lawyers, if they are lawyers representing people who died of cancer, if they are representing people in the State of Illinois who paid out millions of dollars in taxes. But did they put any limit whatsoever on the fees paid to tobacco company lawyers? Not one word.  Take a look at this amendment. It is disgraceful for us to stand up here and say this is a matter of justice, that we are not going to allow these attorneys to be paid that amount of money, and to exempt the tobacco companies' lawyers. Make no mistake: In these lawsuits, these law firms representing tobacco companies have been raking in millions and millions and millions of dollars for decades. Now we know, because of the suit in Minnesota, for example, that there has been an effort to hide important documents behind the attorney-client privilege. We know these lawyers have been complicit in this effort. Do we punish them with this amendment? No, no, no, no. Our anger for lawyers is reserved only for those lawyers who sue tobacco companies, not for the lawyers who defend tobacco companies.  Let me tell you that I think this is fundamentally unfair. It is fundamentally unfair for us to step in at this stage in the proceedings, not only because of the injustice which it does to the lawsuits which have been filed but because if this amendment passes, it applies to future lawsuits as well. Who will stand up in the future and tackle the billionaire giant tobacco companies with the prospect of limitation of legal fees of this magnitude? Four thousand dollars sounds so exceedingly generous until you wonder and speculate what is at risk here. How would a law firm decide to dedicate all of its resources and all of its time for an entire year or more to try to get to trial against the tobacco companies? What a gamble. What a risk. And the people who are pushing this amendment want to make certain that couldn't happen again. They want to close the courthouse doors to make sure that people who head up tobacco companies are not going to be intimidated by these lawsuits.  We would not be here today on the floor of the Senate, we would not be discussing a tobacco bill, if it were not for the initiative of the State attorneys general and were it not for the cooperation of these private attorneys who got involved in the lawsuit.  You hear a lot of speculation: ``You know these lawyers get paid billions of dollars. Isn't that too much?'' Yes; I think it is. But that is my judgment. The judgment in the bill says it will be made by arbitration panels. We will have people sit down and decide what is fair. And in States, they have dramatically reduced the attorneys' fees that would have come to these private firms with these judges' decisions and arbitration panels. And that will continue. That is the right thing to do. But for us to step up as the U.S. Senate to intervene in this debate and say that we know best, to say that the firms that came forward to have the courage to take on the tobacco companies should now be ignored and their agreements be ignored, their contracts pushed off the table, we know best here in the U.S. Senate, I think it is an outrage. It is an outrage for us, and it is an outrage for those in the future who count on this mechanism, who count on the opportunity to go into court and to plead their case in order to find justice.  How many times in the history of this country have this Congress and the President failed to act and relied on the courts? So many times in my lifetime. I can recall the civil rights struggle. It generally started in the courts. It wasn't until the important cases in the 1950s that finally Congress could muster the courage to deal with this thorny issue. And the same thing is true on tobacco. I have been fighting these tobacco companies as long as I have been in Congress.  I have had some victories and I have had some defeats. They are tough customers, and they have a lot of money. And boy do they have a lot of friends in the House and Senate. They found out there was one group they could not buy, the judicial system. They found out that when lawyers could come into court before a jury of peers and argue the case about their deadly product and what they were doing with it, they could not win. A year ago they threw in the towel and said, ``We are ready to settle. We are ready to make big changes in the way we market our product.''  That never would have happened were it not for the judicial system, I am sorry to say. And now we have those who resent that system, the tobacco companies, critics of trial lawyers, who say, ``Isn't it a shame that this happened the way it did. We are going to rewrite history. We are going to change the terms for these attorneys.''  We cannot let them do it because, ladies and gentlemen, we do not know where the next argument is going to be and where the next case will be. These were 42 cases brought on behalf of 42 different States. In my home State of Illinois, Attorney General Jim Ryan, a Republican, a man I admire for the courage in filing this lawsuit, stood up for our taxpayers. Michael Moore in Mississippi was the man who initiated that action.  And now we come to the question, Are we going to close the door in the future to this opportunity? Which will be the group that wants to take on the tobacco companies? How will they muster the resources? How will they put together the lawsuit and the case law to prevail? If this amendment passes, we are tying their hands. We are saying to them that in the future you will not have the same chance as these 42 different attorneys general.  That is fundamentally unfair. To do this and tie the hands of the plaintiffs' attorneys, the attorneys representing the people, while saying that the tobacco lawyers can continue to rake it in, millions of dollars deceiving, millions of dollars defending, that is fundamentally wrong. I stand in opposition to this amendment.  We have an important bill here, a bill that can reduce the number of deaths in America from tobacco. It is a shame that we are diverted now in a battle against trial lawyers. This should be a battle against the tobacco company tactics that lure our children into a nicotine addiction, which for one out of three of them means an early grave. That is what this bill is really about. It is not about lawyers. It is about our kids. I sincerely hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in opposing this amendment.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  