President, I rise today in order to engage the chairman of the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, Senator Cochran in a brief colloquy regarding the need for increased funding for the nutrition for the elderly program, contained in this bill. Senior nutrition programs are our best defense against elderly hunger and malnutrition. The House has provided $10 million more than the Senate for this program which helps our elderly, low-income seniors have good, nutritious meals. This increased funding would restore funds for both meals on wheels and meal sites by $10 million to $150 million to their FY96 levels.  The Senior nutrition program provides grants to states so that local organizations can prepare meals delivered to elderly persons in both congregate settings or in their homes. Many poor seniors rely on these programs as their primary source for nutrition. Unfortunately, 41% of Meals onWheels programs have a waiting list. As the senior population grows, these waiting lists will only increase without adequate funding both local and federal for home-delivered meals programs. The average beneficiary for senior nutrition programs is 77 years old and 90% of beneficiaries live on income below 200% of the poverty level. 40% live on incomes below the poverty level. These poor seniors really need this program. I hope that the House level of funding will alleviate some of these waiting lists.  Studies conducted at the University of Florida found that over 66% of beneficiaries of senior nutrition programs are at moderate to high risk for malnutrition. In addition, these senior nutrition programs not only make good social policy sense, but they also make good fiscal policy sense. Every $1 spent on this nutrition program saves $3 in federal Medicare, Medicaid, and veterans' health care costs, since malnourished patients stay in the hospital nearly twice as long as well-nourished seniors, costing $2,000 to $10,000 more per stay. HHS Secretary Shalala has called these elderly nutrition programs ``a bargain for the federal government''.  This program also provides cash assistance to state agencies to help store and donate food to low-income seniors.  Home-delivered meals programs highlight positive values through volunteerism and community support. It is this type of cost-effective, federal-local partnership that Congress should be encouraging. This level of funding is endorsed by the National Council of Senior Citizens, the Grey Panthers and the Meals on Wheels Association of America.  4 million seniors live in poverty in this, the richest nation in the world. Another 16 million live near the poverty level. Our seniors are going hungry because we cut funding for this seniors nutrition program two years ago. Now is the time to restore this funding to its FY96 levels in conference.  