President, this morning I rise to discuss an issue which I hope Americans will come to realize is one of the most timely issues facing the U.S. Congress. Consider for a moment this is supposed to be a year of short sessions on Capitol Hill. Members of the House and Senate, anxious to return to their States and districts, hope to do the people's business in short order and go back home. They suggest that perhaps we have about 68 days of session remaining for this calendar year, which is an amazingly short session.  I am concerned that we not forget during the course of the remaining days the high priority that faces us when it comes to the tobacco legislation. It is a high priority because each day, every day in the United States of America, 3,000 children start smoking for the first time. A third of those kids will ultimately become addicted and their lives will become shortened because of tobacco-related death and disease. This is a tragedy that is repeated every single day. So far this year, about 240,000 children in America havestarted their nicotine addiction. We have a chance through tobacco legislation to start reducing that number substantially. Every day that we wait, every day that we miss, we are certain that more kids will become addicted to this product.  The tobacco companies understand there is a lot at stake here. Of course, they saw the lawsuits from 42 different States attorneys general and concluded that they needed to reach some kind of a settlement. They have gone on now to buy full-page ads in newspapers. In this morning's Wall Street Journal they urge the public to consider the importance of a tobacco settlement. It is nothing short of amazing that the tobacco industry, which years ago thumbed its noses at the public policy leaders of the United States and the public health experts, now starts talking in very positive terms about the fact that we need to do something--a massive, sustained assault against underage smoking, paid for by the tobacco companies, when each and every day they are addicting 3,000 more children.  I say to the people who are following this debate it is no accident that these kids start smoking. They are appealed to by the advertising of tobacco companies. It is subtle, it is pervasive, and from their point of view, it is very effective.  I hope that in this debate on tobacco legislation we do not lose sight of what is really at stake. First, right now in the State of Minnesota where Attorney General Skip Humphrey is vigorously prosecuting an action against tobacco companies, we are learning every single day of the depth of the deception of the tobacco companies. Because of Attorney General Humphrey's courage and initiative, they now have some 39,000 documents which the tobacco companies over the years have refused to publicize, which are now being ordered to be made public by the court. Tobacco companies, naturally, don't want us to see them, so they have taken this case on appeal. There are another 103,000 documents which may involve children in advertising and other topics which should be released.  I hope that these documents see the light of day because, as these documents are disclosed, we begin to realize the insidious campaign by the tobacco industry to lure our youth into addiction. The tobacco companies have systematically lied about what they know about their products. They have known for a long, long time that their products cause death and disease. They have known that their products are addictive. They have known that they are appealing to children. And yet they have categorically denied it. One of the most outrageous scenes in the history of Congress occurred before a subcommittee chaired by Congressman Waxman several years ago when the executives of the tobacco companies stood up under oath and swore that tobacco was not addictive. What an outrage. And the same executives of the same companies came before that committee and said, ``No, we are to not appealing to children. No, we are not trying to encourage high nicotine tobacco to addict people even more.'' We can't believe a word they say. Now, when their successors in ownership in these tobacco companies buy full-page ads and tell the American people what a great deal they have for them, I hope there is a healthy degree of skepticism across America.  Let me tell you something else that needs to be taken into consideration in this debate. Not only has the tobacco industry systematically hidden the truth from the American people, they have had the opportunity in their own research to realize the devastation of their product and they have refused to acknowledge it. Time and again, we learn of the suppression of scientific research which could have saved lives.  Thinking of the billions of dollars of profits that this industry has made at the expense of death and disease in America is an outrage.  They have also tried to manipulate nicotine levels. They don't just take the tobacco leaves that come from the field and put them in the cigarettes and sell them to America. They like to spike the nicotine in there, get the addiction levels higher so you can't quit. How many people have you run into who said, ``I wish I could quit. I have tried everything. I chew the gum, put on the patch, go through hypnosis, go through acupuncture, try everything imaginable, and I cannot quit.''  The tobacco companies had a role in that because they were making their product more addictive. They focused their marketing at children--imagine that. We are so concerned, and rightly so, about the scourge of drugs in America, narcotics and what it means to America's kids, but the single greatest addiction of our children is the addiction to nicotine, tobacco, and ultimately death and disease are a result of it. They have known this. The tobacco companies have been hawking their products to kids across America for decades. They lose a substantial number of their best customers each year. They lose about 400,000 who die because of tobacco-related death and disease and then about 1.5 million who quit. They have to find 2 million new customers each year. You know what. They won't find them in adults. They find them in playgrounds, in school yards, in children who make a decision to smoke and, unfortunately, become addicted.  Let me tell you what we have to look for in legislation here on Capitol Hill. We have to have performance standards that hold tobacco companies accountable so that we can look year to year to see if the number of children across America is being reduced for smoking. That can be done. It can be done by an aggressive advertising campaign, an aggressive campaign to enforce the laws across America in terms of illegal sales to minors. Any bill that comes to us for consideration on the floor that doesn't have performance standards for children should be rejected.  Second, we have to give the Food and Drug Administration the power to fight this industry. Don't believe we can pass this bill and walk away. We have to give the agency the power to regulate nicotine, to make sure the tobacco companies don't get up to their old tricks again and come up with this high nicotine tobacco leaf to addict people even more. We have to make sure the tobacco industry pays and pays, in an amount that will not only compensate for the losses they have created across America, but to discourage kids from buying this product. I believe $1.50 per pack as a fee is a minimum--a minimum. To go less than that is really to not address the serious problem that faces us.  This whole question of immunity, that is what it is about. That is why they are buying the ads. The tobacco companies want off the hook. They don't want people who are addicted today and die tomorrow to either sue personally or have their estates bring a lawsuit. They want to get out of this courtroom scene in a hurry. They want to get back to the boardroom scene where they make billions of dollars. I tell you this, we should not trade away the liability of these companies, because we believe as politicians that is the only way to hold this industry accountable. I hope there is enough political will among Democrats and Republicans to make sure that we have an agreement that is sensible.  Finally, let us not, in the name of reaching a tobacco settlement, protect America's kids and endanger children around the world. The strategy of the tobacco companies in America is to export their product overseas. We used to have an image of America abroad, the stars and stripes, the great American image. You know what it is today? It is the cancer cowboy, the Marlboro man. You can find him on the streets and billboards in Warsaw, Poland; Bangkok, Thailand, all around the world. The new image of America, a sad image of America, an image of death and disease being promoted by the companies that are shameless in their efforts to exploit and addict children around the world. We cannot stand for that. It is a moral embarrassment to the United States of America if our legislation does not include strict limitations on the sale and advertising of American tobacco products overseas. We can do it. We should do it.  For a century this Congress has enjoyed a reputation as a leader in the world in public health. Let us not in this next century bear the burden of a country that has exported death and disease by American tobacco. I hope that we pass this bill and pass it soon. For those who wonder whether we can get it done, I ask them to consider the following. Count the days remaining in the session. Count the children who become addicted to this product everyday; count the lives that will be lost if we don't act; count on our responsibility in the Senate and the House to move this legislation as quickly as possible.  I yield the remainder of my time.  