I am happy to stand this morning in support of the pending amendment before the U.S. Senate to this tobacco legislation. It is an amendment offered by Senator DeWine, Republican of Ohio, and myself, a bipartisan effort to make this important bill more effective.  I would like to pause for a moment before addressing the amendment and speak to the historical significance of this debate.  About 11 years ago I was involved in a struggle as a Member of the House of Representatives to pass one of the first tobacco-controlled bills ever considered by the House of Representatives. In comparison to this bill, ours was a very modest measure. We were setting out to achieve something which on its face appeared very simple, but turned out to be politically very difficult. What we wanted to achieve 11 years ago was to ban smoking on airplanes. You would have thought that we were proposing a second American revolution. The tobacco lobby organized its efforts, found all of its friends, both Democrat and Republican, and marshaled forces to beat our effort.  They predicted that what we were setting out to do would create chaos in public transportation; it was totally unnecessary; it discriminated against the rights of smokers, and on and on and on.  Well, Mr. President, it was our good fortune in the House of Representatives to have a number of Members of Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, who, for the first time in modern memory, rejected these pleas from the tobacco lobby and enacted legislation a little over 10 years ago that banned smoking on airplane flights of 2 hours or less. It was a breakthrough. It was the first time the tobacco lobby lost. Those who joined me in that effort stuck their necks out politically. It wasn't considered to be very smart politics to oppose tobacco. This, in fact, was the largest, most powerful, most well funded lobby in Washington. Fortunately for us, Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey and his friends in the Senate joined us in the battle and together we successfully achieved our goal. Today, virtually all domestic airline flights--in fact, I think all of them--are smoke free. It is now becoming a trend worldwide.  That battle and that victory, I think, set the stage for where we are today, albeit a small victory in comparison to our goal in this debate. But it would have been unimaginable 10 or 11 years ago to think that today in the Senate we are debating a bill involving tobacco and health of the magnitude of the McCain bill which comes before us. John McCain is our Republican colleague from the State of Arizona. I admire his grit and determination in bringing this bill to the floor despite a lot of opposition, primarily but not exclusively, from his own side of the aisle.  When you think in terms of what we are setting out to achieve, it is substantial. It is revolutionary. It is long overdue. Our goals are simple: reduce teen smoking, invest in public health research and programs to help smokers quit, and protect tobacco farmers and their communities.  The focus on children is a good one and an important one because tobacco companies have needed these children desperately. Each year, they have to recruit millions of children to replace those who are breaking the habit and those who have passed away. They set out their net and stretch it out for millions and bring in thousands, but they keep replenishing the ranks; 89 percent of all people who ever tried a cigarette tried by the age of 18. Of people who have ever smoked daily, 71 percent were smoking daily by age 18. Virtually no one starts smoking during adulthood. It is a childish decision. It becomes a childish habit, and it condemns those who fall into the lure of this nicotine addiction to the likelihood of a shortened life and more exposure to disease.  This McCain bill not only sets out to reduce the number of teen smokers, but it also sets out to invest more in medical research. When I heard my colleague from Missouri decrying this billand talking about this waste of tax dollars being brought into our Treasury, I paused and thought that we could argue--and I will during the course of my remarks--that raising the price of the product is going to discourage children from using it as well as others, but also the money that is coming in as a part of this bill is going to be invested back in America.  I would stand by the results of a national referendum on the following question: Should we increase the Federal tax on a package of cigarettes, and then take a substantial portion of the money raised and put it in medical research--send it to the National Institutes of Health for research to find cures for cancer, heart disease, AIDS, juvenile diabetes, Alzheimer's, and the myriad of medical problems that we face in this country? I will bet the results would be overwhelmingly positive because Americans believe in this investment. Americans believe that this bill, in providing money for medical research investment, is money well spent.  Smoking cessation programs are part of it, too. I think that is sensible. My father, who was a lifelong smoker, was a victim of lung cancer and died in his early 50s. I saw, even after his diagnosis, the situation that he faced, the craving that he had for this deadly cigarette that had caused him so many health problems. I have always had a sensitivity and a sympathy for smokers who are trying to quit. For some, they can just literally walk away from it, decide in a minute that tomorrow they will never smoke another cigarette. But for others it is virtually a lifelong struggle.  The McCain bill puts money into smoking cessation programs so that smokers nationwide will have the means to turn to, to reduce their addiction to nicotine. My colleague from Tennessee, Senator Frist, spoke earlier about the need for medical research in this area, for breakthroughs to stop this addiction. I fully support him, and I think it should be part of this effort. We are hopeful these breakthroughs will make it easier for people to stop this addiction to nicotine. That is part of this bill.  Another provision of the bill protects tobacco farmers and their families. I have never had any crusade against the tobacco farmers. I understand the devastation in health that their crop can cause, but I have always felt they deserve a chance to find another livelihood. This bill gives them that chance. That is why I support it.  Let me speak to the amendment before us, the Durbin and DeWine amendment. It is a look-back provision.  Now, we could give all the speeches we want to give on the floor of the Senate and in the Chamber of the House decrying teen addiction to tobacco products, addiction to nicotine. We can pass all the bills we want saying that as a Nation we are going to come to grips with this, and I am afraid we will not achieve our goal unless we are very serious and very specific. In fact, in every State in the Nation it is against the law for minors under the age of 18 to purchase tobacco products, and yet clearly they do on a daily and overwhelming basis. So the mere enactment of a law has not achieved our goal.  Why is the McCain bill any different? It is different because one important facet of this bill is included. It is the so-called look-back provision. The look-back provision is accountability; it is honesty. It says that as the years go by we will measure the number of teen smokers in America, and if that percentage does not come down, the tobacco companies and tobacco industry will be held accountable in terms of fees that need to be paid as they miss these targets.  That accountability brings reality to this debate. We can have the highest flying speeches, the most voluminous rhetoric, and yet we will not achieve our goal unless we are specific. Is this a matter that should concern us? Consider this chart for a minute. It is a troubling commentary on what is happening in America.  This chart shows the percentage of high school students who currently smoke cigarettes. Look at from 1991 to 1997. In every grade, 9th, 10th, 11th and 12th, across America, there has been an increase in the percentage of students who are smoking. In fact, the increase over the six years has been 30 percent. While we have given all these speeches, while we have talked about this problem, while the President, the Vice President, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and so many others have addressed it, we have, in fact, seen the children of America ignoring it. They have taken up this habit, and as they take it up more and more kids are vulnerable.  For those who do not think this is a real American family issue, I pose one question which I always pose in this debate: Have you ever met a mother or father who came to you at work one morning and with great pride and a smile on their face said, ``We have great news at home. Our daughter came home last night and she started smoking.'' I have never heard that. In fact, just the opposite is true. Parents who suspect their kids have started smoking are worried. They understand the danger. They understand the addiction. And they understand better than most why this debate is so critically important.  Some argument is made as to whether or not the increase in the price of tobacco products will reduce usage by children. The Senator from Missouri, who spoke before me, talked about all sorts of surveys that came to an opposite conclusion. I would point to two that confirm the belief in this bill that if you raise the price of the product, children are less likely to use it.  In Canada, just to the north, when they imposed a substantial increase in the Federal tax on tobacco products, they had a 60-percent reduction in children who were smoking. Kids are price sensitive; they don't have all the money in the world, and when the price of the product goes up too high, they stop using it or reduce their usage. Canada is a perfect example.  On the academic front, at the University of Illinois, Dr. Frank Chaloupka has performed a study in which he has surveyed cigarette prices and whether or not they have any impact on the percentage of youth smoking. He says:       Based on this research, I estimate that a $1.50 increase in      the federal cigarette tax, implemented over three years and      maintained in real, inflation adjusted terms, will cut the      prevalence of youth smoking in half.  The bill sticks to $1.10, and the percentage decrease may not be as high or as dramatic, but clearly it will be a decrease. Increasing the cost of the product reduces its usage.  I find it interesting that my colleague from Missouri talked about the so-called cash cow that this $1.10 creates, the billions of dollars brought into the Federal Treasury because of this increase in the Federal tobacco tax. I think this is money that is going to be raised for good purposes, to reduce teen smoking, to invest in medical research, to invest in smoking cessation, and to help tobacco farmers in transition.  It is interesting that so many of the critics of this bill, who argue we need no tax whatsoever, are anxious to spend the proceeds from that tax. Reference is made to the marriage penalty, an interesting tax challenge which we should take up at some point. But the people who are opposed to this bill want to take the proceeds from the bill and spend them on correcting this tax anomaly, the so-called marriage tax penalty. They cannot have it both ways. You cannot decry this bill as a so-called cash cow, raising taxes that are unnecessary, and then make all sorts of proposals on how to spend it, and certainly proposals which have little or no relevance to the question of whether or not we are addressing the scourge of smoking addiction in this country.  Let me also speak for a moment to the Food and Drug Administration. It is true that Dr. David Kessler, who is a friend and someone I worked with for many years, showed extraordinary courage, with President Clinton and Vice President Gore, in an initiative to reduce smoking in America. They took a lot of heat for it, because they took on the tobacco industry and they suggested they were going to get serious about it. They were going to try to view nicotine as the drug that it is. They were going to try to hold accountable retailers who were selling to children. And they were going to establish standards across America--for example, asking for identification for the purchase of tobacco products. When they proposed this, their critics went wild: ``Oh, it is overreaching by theFederal Government. It is just entirely too much.'' Yet they were on the right track, a track which we follow today.  Let me try to zero in specifically on the Durbin-DeWine amendment. The fact that this amendment is being debated today has a lot to do with 40 State attorneys general who filed lawsuits against the tobacco companies, seeking to recover, for their States and taxpayers, money that was spent because of tobacco products. Last year, as a result of the aggregate effort of these attorneys general, a general agreement, or settlement, was reached. Part of that agreement included these so-called look-back provisions. The agreement said that the tobacco industry was willing to be held accountable to reduce the percentage of young people smoking. If they did not reach the goals, they would be penalized. So the idea of a look-back provision is not something being foisted on the industry or something brand new on Capitol Hill; this is an idea that was endorsed by the tobacco companies as part of their agreement with the State attorneys general.  The difference, of course, in the DeWine-Durbin approach, is that we take this from an industry assessment, from an industry fee, and say let's look, instead, to the specific tobacco companies. Senator McCain of Arizona, in his bill, says we should do that for roughly a third of the penalties involved. Senator DeWine and I think it should be a larger percentage. Let me explain to you why we think it should be larger.  Consider this for a moment. Some of my critics come to the floor and say it is impossible for us to measure how many children smoke how many brands of cigarettes. In fact, my friend, the Senator from Texas, says it doesn't pass the laugh test, to think that we would be able to measure how many underage kids are smoking Camels or Marlboros or Kools or Virginia Slims.  Let me suggest to him and others who criticize this amendment, the tobacco companies have extraordinary resources and ability to measure the use of their product. If you challenged Philip Morris to tell you how many left-handed Latvians smoke Marlboros, I bet they could come up with the number. If you challenged R.J. Reynolds to come up with how many tongue-tied Texans use Camels, I'll bet they could come up with the number. Because they market these products and these brands on a very specific basis. They want to know not only how many they are selling, but to whom they are selling them because they have billions of dollars of advertising that they are going to focus in, to try to win over new groups.  So the suggestion that we cannot measure the number of young people using certain brands of cigarettes just defies common sense. The industry has this ability. It has this knowledge. It is a sampling technique that is used by businesses across America, and it can be applied here. Senator DeWine and I seek to apply this standard in this situation. We believe--and I hope my colleagues will join us in the belief--that it is eminently fair for us to hold each tobacco company accountable.  Let us assume, for example, that R.J. Reynolds takes this bill very seriously and says they are going to stop marketing their product to children, that they are no longer going to be selling Camel cigarettes to kids. They tell their retailers: ``Don't let that pack go over the counter. Don't sell it to a child. We are very serious about it. Or we may cut off your access to our product.'' They say to the people who are doing the advertising and marketing: ``Get honest about this. Make sure that we don't advertise around schools. Make sure that we don't have all these promotions with Camel hats and shirts and all the rest of it.''  And let's say they are successful. Should that conduct on their part, that positive conduct, be rewarded? Of course it should. In contrast, if Marlboro and Philip Morris, for example, decide they don't care, they just go on selling as usual, and in fact you see kids, more and more kids, turning to their brand, should they be held accountable for that decision? Why, of course they should. Company-by-company accountability makes sense. It says to the tobacco industry: This is not just an industry problem, this is a company challenge. Get serious about it.  I was somewhat amused that the Richmond, VA, Times-Dispatch yesterday came out with a story from the Philip Morris company. For someone who has been battling this issue for a long time, it is hard to imagine, but Geoffrey Bible, chairman of the Nation's largest tobacco company, told employees in New York that he has recently appointed a senior executive to ``design more actions'' to back up the company's long-held claim that it does not try to appeal to youngsters.  What a great epiphany it must have been in Richmond, VA, for Philip Morris to finally realize we are talking about them, we are talking about their marketing and advertising techniques, and we are talking about the possibility, if they do not get serious and start reducing sales to youth, that in fact they are going to have to pay for it.  The Durbin-DeWine amendment says that payment should be directed at the companies based on their conduct. If they are positive and reduce sales to children, they will be rewarded. If they ignore this bill and they ignore these goals and end up selling more to children, they should pay a price for it. I don't think that is unreasonable.  I want to salute, incidentally, the State attorneys general who started this ball rolling. Some have been critical of them. I have not. We would not be here today without their initiative and without the progress that they made. Particularly, I would like to salute Attorney General Skip Humphrey of Minnesota. He hung in there for a long time, and, literally before the jury retired to consider a verdict, he settled the case for over $6 billion for the taxpayers of Minnesota. That is great news for those taxpayers and Attorney General Humphrey. But equally important, during the course of his lawsuit he managed to draw out even more documents from the tobacco industry. It seems that the more and more documentation we bring out, the more obvious it is that these tobacco executives have been lying to us for decades. They have, in fact, been targeting kids.  We have so many examples. I can't read them all to you here, but from a 1981 memo, a Philip Morris researcher said:       Today's teenager is tomorrow's potential regular customer.  A 1973 Brown & Williamson memo said:       Kool has shown little or no growth in share of users in the      26-plus age group. Growth is from 16 to 25 year olds. . ..  Remember, at the time, it was illegal to sell their product to 16-year-olds in some States, and, yet, they were making it very clear it was part of their marketing strategy. The list just goes on and on of these companies that made conscious marketing decisions to sell to children. They knew they had to recruit these kids. If the kids turned 18, it was unlikely they would become smokers. All of these documents and evidence have really made the case.  Our look-back amendment says we are going to take this very seriously on a company-by-company basis. Let me address for a moment some of the criticisms that have been leveled against this amendment.  First, if you support the McCain bill, which has a company-specific payment in it, then you must necessarily reject the argument that you cannot assess on a company-specific basis. McCain assumes that, I assume it, common sense dictates that, in fact, the companies market their brands to specific groups and can measure the success of their marketing and sales. The Durbin-DeWine amendment takes the McCain premise of the fee assessed on a company-wide basis and expands it. So for supporters of the McCain bill, the Durbin-DeWine amendment is consistent with the methodology that is used.  Second, this will not lead to price increases. The Durbin-DeWine amendment is just the opposite. Some are arguing the look-back provision means the cost of the tobacco product is going to go up. Well, not necessarily. If, for example, in the case that I used, R.J. Reynolds is doing a good job and they are not assessed a surcharge, but Philip Morris is doing a bad job and they are assessed, then Philip Morris is going to have to find a way to absorb that payment in their cost on the bottom line, because to raise the price of their products puts them at a competitive disadvantage with the people at R.J. Reynolds.  The Durbin-DeWine amendment is specific in saying any payment that isassessed is going to be absorbed by the company in their bottom line. Let me give you an example of the breadth of this payment.  If a company misses the target by 20 percent--in other words, we are saying we are going to reduce teen smoking by so much percent--15 percent, 20 percent, 30 percent--and it turns out they miss it by 20 percent, by a large margin, under our amendment their payment would add up to about 29 cents a pack. It sounds like a lot of money. It is, but don't forget for a moment that the tobacco companies' profit on each package of cigarettes is 40 cents. So our amendment is not going to drive them out of business. It simply is going to tell them their profits are on the line unless they stop selling to children.  Some have argued that our surcharge is too high and will increase costs to $7 billion instead of the underlying bill's $4 billion. That is not accurate, either. The underlying bill is kept at $4 billion in industry-wide payments, but it also has company-specific payments as well. The Durbin-DeWine amendment draws a line and puts an absolute cap at $7 billion in total.  The two approaches--the bill and our amendment--have similar aggregates if the companies miss by large amounts.  Third, it has been said that this amendment is punitive--punitive. Our approach is not punitive. It reduces the industry-wide payment that applies to companies that, in fact, reduce their youth smoking while other companies fail to do so. It increases the surcharges on companies that continue to market or sell to kids. That is not punishment, that is accountability.  And fourth, as a sign we are not punitive, we have capped the amount that can be charged. It has been pointed out that we require payments of as much as $240 million per percentage point, but keep in mind, too, that the underlying bill also has provisions in there for payments by percentage point. The lifetime social cost of hooking each youth smoker is $400 million. We are still charging companies less than the social cost of their continued sales to youth.  I will conclude my time that has been allotted under the unanimous consent agreement by showing on this chart what happens under the Durbin-DeWine amendment as opposed to the McCain bill.  If companies miss by 5 percent, the amount they are charged is $240 million under our amendment, and it is $190 million in the underlying bill. At 10 percent, you can see the numbers, and 20 percent as well.  The Durbin-DeWine amendment sets out to achieve several goals on which I hope all Senators, regardless of party, will agree. We reduce the number of youth smokers by 450,000 over the McCain bill. We reduce the number of premature deaths by 150,000 with this amendment. We reduce by $2.8 billion the lifetime social costs that are attached to smoking addiction, diseases, and death. And we have the same target in reduction as the original proposed settlement with the States attorneys general.  I hope those who have listened to this debate will understand what we are about here. This look-back amendment is more than just a technical approach. It is, in fact, an approach which requires honesty and accountability. The tobacco companies hate this amendment like the devil hates holy water, because this amendment holds them accountable and says, ``We don't want to hear anymore verbiage from you about reducing teen smoking. We want to put it in writing. We want to put it on the line. We want you to be held accountable, and you will be held accountable. And if the Durbin-DeWine amendment is adopted and you continue to push your product on children and this addiction rate among our kids continues to grow, you will pay through the nose.''  That is hard talk, I know. This is a hard subject. We are talking about the No. 1 preventable cause of death in America today. That is why this historic debate is so important, and that is why no other political diversion that has been raised on the floor should be taken seriously. Let us get about the people's business. Let us do something to give our kids a chance to be spared the scourge of addiction to nicotine and tobacco products.  Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  