President, can I say something at the outset? There are people on the floor who oppose this amendment. I will be happy to yield during the course of my statement to debate it. I know they have strong feelings on the other side. I think we can add something to this issue if we have a real debate instead of just monologues on both sides. I invite any Senator on the floor who opposes the Boxer-Durbin-Kohl-Torricelli amendment to feel free at any moment to engage us in a question and debate. I think that would help the public in the galleries and those watching television to follow this debate and to understand the simplicity and the honesty of the amendment offered by the Senator from California.  Let me say that we should look at the scope of this challenge. We are a Nation of 265 million people. We are a Nation of 300 million guns--300 million guns. As we stand here today in the midst of this debate, approximately half of those guns at this moment in time are accessible to children. They are accessible in the drawer behind the socks, in the closet up on the shelf, down in the bottom of the closet behind the shoes--accessible to kids.  As the Senator from California will tell you--and I can attest to it having been a father and now a grandparent--children will always find Christmas gifts and guns. I don't care where you hide them, they are going to find them. When they find a loaded gun, tragic occurrences happen. In fact, in this Nation that we live in, 14 times a day we lose a child to a gun--14 times a day.  What the Senator from California is suggesting is something that is so simple and practical that I think this Senate should go on the record with a vote in support of our amendment. This little trigger lock can save a life. It can save the life of that baby who you love so dearly--the grandchild who means so much to you.  I am going to make a little confession here. I have a conflict of interest in this case, as does the Senator from California. She is the proud grandmother of 3-year-old Zack. I am the proud grandfather of 2-year-old Alex. I am reminded every time we get in this debate of how much of a heartbreak it must have been for the parents and grandparents of those children who came home to find they had lost this baby they loved so much because of a tragic accident. Could it have been avoided? Yes. For the lack of a trigger lock like this one, lives were lost.  Let me tell you something else that troubles me about this debate. The National Rifle Association, to no one's surprise, opposes this. The gun lobby opposes this. Yet, I have spoken to gun owners about this issue, and I get an interesting response from them. How concerned are they about children who are being injured with guns? They are very concerned. They are also troubled that these gun lobby spokesmen stand up in Washington and say, ``This is none of your business, you should not be passing laws to do this,'' because the gun owners I speak to say, to a person, ``We never want a single firearm that we own to ever harm anybody in our household or any innocent victim, regardless of their age.'' These are responsible gun owners who understand their responsibility under the law when they exercise their right to use guns safely and legally.  What the Senator from California is trying to do----  