 Crucial to this question of providing help for child care is providing the revenue. I find it curious that a year ago, in my first year in the Senate, if you would have come to this Chamber about this time, you would have seen Senator Orrin Hatch, our colleague from Utah, standing at that desk with a stack of budget books almost up over his head, saying this is the legacy of deficits, these are the unbalanced budgets that we cannot come to grips with, and arguing for the passage of a new constitutional amendment to force us to come to balance in our budget. That was a year ago. That amendment did not pass.  A year later, where are we? We are at a point where the Congressional Budget Office gave us their forecast yesterday that, indeed, we would balance the budget. We have reached the point where the budget is in balance. Ironically, instead of talking about a constitutional amendment to force a balanced budget, we are now engaged in a debate about spending a surplus. Imagine, 12 months later we have gone from deficit talk to surplus talk. The President counsels us to be patient, to make sure the surplus is true and honest and to first dedicate it to Social Security.  So, of course, you are going to say, ``Senator Durbin, having said that, how are you going to pay for child care? How will the President pay for it? These are good ideas, but they have to be paid for.''  The money is to come from the tobacco bill. This is a bill I have supported both as introduced by Senator Kennedy and yesterday by Senator Conrad, because it is a bill which addresses the reality of what we face today with tobacco. This bill imposes a $1.50 health fee on each package of cigarettes. We know that discourages kids from buying them. They are too expensive. It takes the revenues from that to not only educate young people about the dangers of smoking but also to use it for other good purposes: for example, to increase the number of public school teachers across America to 100,000 so that no child in the first, second or third grade will have a classroom with more than 18 students, or to put money into medical research.  Let me tell you that has to be the most widely popular Federal expenditure there is. Not a family touched by cancer, heart disease, diabetes, HIV, would ever suggest that that is not a good investment, to put the money into medical research. But, also, a portion of it for child care.  So, in order to make this work, it is not enough for us, as Democrats and Republicans, to make speeches about child care. We have to roll up our sleeves and pass this tobacco legislation, and we have to do it on a bipartisan basis. The tobacco companies will resist us every step of the way. They have. They will continue to. But I think the American people have decided they have had enough of the tobacco companies and the fact that they have had unreasonable sway over Washington for too long a period of time.  This year, 1998, is a year of political testing for Senators and Congressmen as to whether they will rise to the challenge and join in passing tobacco legislation, reducing the scourge of children who are taking up smoking, and raising revenues for things that are critically important for America's future--like child care.  I am happy to support the legislation that has been introduced, and I hope that we come up with bipartisan approval to make sure that it is passed. It is not just a question of raising this revenue, but the core reason for the tobacco legislation is to discourage the young Americans each day who take up smoking. Today in the United States of America, and every single day this year, 3,000 children will start smoking cigarettes for the first time. I have never, repeat never, met a parent who has said to me, ``I got the best news last night. My son came home and announced he started smoking.'' I have never heard that. In fact, just the opposite. Parents are concerned because they know this is a health concern.  Tobacco companies have deceived the public. They have deceived Congress. They have gone after kids for decades. Now we have a chance to call an end to that and to hold these companies accountable to reduce sales to minors and to make certain that our kids have a fighting chance for a bright future.  So, I will conclude by saying our agenda is filled this year. We may have more items on the agenda than they have days in session. But we need to pick and choose those that are critically important. I hope my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans alike, will agree that passing the tobacco bill is the first important step, then taking the revenues from that to help working families bring their children up under the best circumstances and to give these children a fighting chance to enter school ready to learn and to have a bright future.  I yield the remainder of my time.  