President, I rise today to introduce this amendment with my distinguished colleagues Senators Collins, Jeffords, Reid, Harkin, Mikulski, Cleland, and Graham.  Unfortunately for some, domestic violence is a life long experience. Those who perpetrate violence against their family members do not desist because the family member grows older. In fact, in some cases, the abuse may become more severe as the victim ages becoming more isolated from the community with their removal from the workforce. Other age-related factors such as increased frailty may increase a victim's vulnerability. it also is true that older victims' ability to report abuse is frequently confounded by their reliance on their abuser for care or housing.  Every seven minutes in Illinois, there is an incidence of elder abuse. Several research studies have shown that elder abuse is the most under reported familial crime. It is even more under reported than child abuse with only between one in eight and one in fourteen incidents estimated to be reported. Seniors who experience abuse worry they will be banished to a nursing home if they report abuse. They also must struggle with the ethical dilemma of reporting abuse by their children to the authorities and thus increasing their child's likelihood of going to jail. Shame and fear gag them so that they remain ``silent victims.''  The Commerce-Justice-State Appropriations bill funds the STOP law enforcement state grants program. This program provides funding for services and training for officers and prosecutors for dealing with domestic violence. This training needs to be sensitive to the needs of all victims, young and old. However, the images portrayed in the media of the victims of domestic violence generally depict a young woman, with small children. Consequently, may people including law enforcement officers may not readily identify older victims as suffering domestic abuse. The victims themselves may also be reluctant to report such abuse. Many older women were raised to believe that family business is a private matter. Problems within families were not to be discussed with anyone, especially strangers or counselors. Only a handful of domestic abuse programs throughout the country are reaching out to older women.  This amendment seeks to improve the STOP grants program by making it more sensitive to the needs of the nations seniors. We know that great improvements have taken place since the Violence Against Women Act was first passed. One of the most successful programs is the law enforcement and prosecutor training program, which received over $200 million in FY 1998. This bill would increase that level to $210 million. Improvement in this program can be made with respect to identifying abuse among all age groups especially seniors who are often overlooked. When the abuser is old, there may be a reticence on the part of law enforcement to deal with this person in the same way that they might deal with a younger person. Who wants to send an ``old guy'' to jail? However, lack of action jeopardizes the victim further because then the abuser has every reason to believe that there are no consequences for their actions. Another common problem is differentiating between injuries related to abuse and injuries arising from aging, frailty or illness. too many older women's broken bones have been attributed to disorientation, osteoporosis or other age-related vulnerabilities without any questions being asked to make sure that they are not the result of abuse.  With the greying of America, the problems of elder domestic abuse in all its many ugly manifestations, is likely to grow. I believe that we need to take a comprehensive look at our existing family violence programs and ensure that these programs serve seniors and are sensitive and knowledgeable of elder domestic abuse.  I am pleased to be joined by Senators Reid, Harkin, Cleland, Mikulski, Graham, Jeffords, and Collins in offering this amendment, which focuses attention on the needs of the ``forgotten older victims of domestic violence.''  