President.  I thank my colleague from Minnesota for the remarks which he has made.  The Internal Revenue Service, the agency we love to hate every April 15. We write out those checks. It is our responsibility as citizens of this country. But it hurts--all the money we send them. Then these hearings were held, and we found out that this agency, collecting taxes, has been using heavy-handed tactics, sometimes with not the most basic courtesy. We have a right to be upset, and because of that, Congress--the House and the Senate; Democrats and Republicans--and the President said, let us do something about it. And we set out to make some rather significant changes in the way the Internal Revenue Service does business.  I am glad to see that happen. But I have to be a little bit wary of what the result might be. You see, in my home office in Springfield, IL, I received a phone call in the midst of this debate. And a gentleman said to one of my staffers, ``Thank goodness this Senate has finally awakened to these thugs at the Internal Revenue Service. Their abusive conduct is just horrible. And now finally you're going to change this system.'' And my staffer said, ``Have you had a personal experience?'' ``Well, yes, I did,'' he said. ``And these people from the Internal Revenue Service just hounded me and my family to no end.'' And he said, ``Thank goodness you're finally doing something about it.''  My staffer said, ``Was it a serious problem?'' ``Well,'' he said, ``they made it out to be a serious problem.'' He said, ``I had a little problem with reporting on my income tax.''  My staffer said, ``What was the problem?'' He said, ``Well, I failed to file my income tax return.'' My staffer said, ``You didn't file your tax return?'' He said, ``Well, that's right.'' And my staffer said, ``Well, that can be serious.'' He said, ``Well, it was an oversight.'' My staffer said, ``How many times have you failed to file a return?'' He said, ``3 or 4 years,'' and added, ``You would think that was a crime by the way these people act.'' Well, it is a crime.  I hope that those who are critical of the Internal Revenue Service understand that we still rely on them and give them an important responsibility. The 99-plus percent of Americans who dutifully, willfully, voluntarily file their income tax returns each year are counting on the Internal Revenue Service making sure everybody else does, too. We are all part of the same American family. We all bear this responsibility.  So as we talk about reforming this agency, let us not lose sight of the bottom line. They have an important job to do to collect the money to provide for our national defense, education, highways, and so many other things on which we rely.  This bill went through a lot of different incarnations. I think the final bill, as it applies to the Internal Revenue Service, is a good one because it makes some rather significant changes.  I commend Senator Grassley and Senator Bob Kerrey of Nebraska, who was just with me on the floor. They headed the IRS Restructuring Commission. And under their leadership, the IRS commission produced a collection of very thoughtful recommendations, many of which are included in this conference report. Senators Roth and Moynihan have led a real truly bipartisan effort to make the commission's recommendations a reality.  I also commend the gentleman whose name was mentioned a moment ago, and that is the new IRS Commissioner, Charles Rossotti. His is not an easy job. He came from the private sector at great personal and financial sacrifice in the true spirit of public service to lead this important agency.  One of the first things that hit him between the eyes is the so-called Y2K problem, the computer problem that when we switch over in the next century, will the computers get it right? Will they know we are going to the year 2000 and not the year 1900? It sounds so simple. When you look at all the computers in America and all the programs and look at the Internal Revenue Service, you can understand that Mr. Rossotti and most of the people at the IRS are consumed with the responsibility of getting it right and making these computers understand we are headed to the 21st century and not to restart the 20th century.  There are parts of this bill that, I think, are very positive. The restructuring of the management and governance of the IRS so it operates more like the private sector--that certainly is a step in the right direction. The Commissioner asked for, and received, greater flexibility in managing his IRS workforce. We now make it easier for taxpayers to file their returns electronically by extending the due date for these returns from February 28 to March 31. The bill also requires the Secretary to develop a procedure that will allow taxpayers to confirm their return without having to send in their signature.  We establish taxpayers' rights. As a practicing attorney before I was elected to the House of Representatives, I represented clients before the Internal Revenue Service. That was no mean feat. It is one of the few experiences in the law in America where you are guilty until proven innocent, and we assembled the data necessary to prove our innocence and did our very best. I didn't understand the gravity of that challenge until my own small business was audited in Springfield, IL, and then I went through it personally. I am glad to say we didn't have tax liability added to it as a result of the audit, but I learned first hand how daunting it is to challenge the Internal Revenue Service.  Our bill says the burden of proof will be on the IRS in disputes that come up before the IRS Tax Court dealing with income, estate, and gift taxes, provided the taxpayer is cooperating by providing access to information and documents related to the return. So that gives the individual taxpayer, the business person, a little better chance of being treated fairly.  There was also a provision in the law which was brought out during the course of the committee hearings which was very troubling. A lot of innocent spouses who may have put their name on the tax return at the request of their husband or wife, not knowing the contents, found out in later years, even after a divorce, that if something was wrong in that return, they, too, could have been held liable--in fact, criminally liable in some instances. We have tried in this law to define ``innocent spouse'' in a way so that those who are truly innocent do not bear that responsibility.  We ease interest and penalties. Currently, for example, if a taxpayer makes an honest mistake--underline ``honest mistake''--it might be several years before the IRS discovers it. Even if it is an honest mistake, it makes sense for the IRS to impose a penalty just as any other business would if you were underpaying bills. What doesn't make sense is for the IRS to charge interest and penalties during the time in which the taxpayer is unaware of the mistake. That is corrected in this bill.  There is more congressional accountability, and that has been referred to on the floor. Yes, it is true, Congress will be watching the Internal Revenue Service more closely.  There is another provision which I think is important so that taxpayers across America don't get the wrong impression. We ask the Internal Revenue Service and the Treasury to report to us annually in terms of compliance; that is, what percentage of American taxpayers are meeting their legal obligations and filing their taxes and what percent are not. If we see an increase in those who are not meeting their legal obligation after we pass this, we are going to have to address it again, because, as I said, the vast majority of Americans do pay their taxes and pay them on time.  Those are the good parts of the bill, and they are extremely good parts of the bill. I think the bill, when viewed in this context, is a plus. Unfortunately, in the dead of night, in the depths of the conference, some people couldn't leave well enough alone. They thought this bill was so popular and so destined for success, they couldn't wait to put their own amendments on the bill, none of which has anything to do with reforming the Internal Revenue Service, but all of which have something to do with our Tax Code and our Treasury and whether or not we are creating breaks in this bill that we shouldn't.  One tax break has to do with a change in individual retirement accounts. I like IRAs. I think they have been good for America. A lot of people were able to save money, they are glad they did, and now it has grown over time and it will help them retire. I think we should expand IRAs, particularly for working families so they have a way to put a little money aside for their future needs. The Senator from the State of Delaware, Senator Roth, created the so-called Roth IRA. I kid him so much about the publicity he is receiving. No one will ever be able to defeat him. He is the author of the Roth IRA, and he will be remembered for that and many other things for years to come. It expanded the idea of an individual retirement account and gave Americans more options.  Unfortunately, in this bill we have taken a new twist on this IRA, and created even more tax opportunities for those at higher incomes, under the name of an individual retirement account. Do you know what it will cost us when it is all said and done? It will cost the taxpayers some $13 billion--that is ``billion dollars''--$13 billion.  A year ago, this Senate was consumed with the debate over amending the Constitution to balance the budget. We had given up on the idea of balancing the books here and said, ``That is it, put it in the Constitution, and let the courts enforce it.'' That debate went on and on and on. The amendment failed by one vote. So here we are, a year later. Are we talking about the deficit and balancing the budget? No. Instead, in this bill and others, we are talking about a surplus and spending $13 billion we don't have to create tax breaks for wealthy individuals. I don't think that makes sense. I think that is very shortsighted. In the long haul, I think we will regret it.  There is a reference, as well, to a provision in this bill which has nothing to do with the underlying legislation about the Internal Revenue Service, a provision that will deny veterans medical benefits. Why? Why, in God's name, would that be included in the Internal Revenue Service reform bill? It shouldn't be.  So I find myself in a dilemma as a member of the conference. When I saw all of the baggage being loaded on to this bill, I refused to sign the conference report. I said I would not put my name to this, not because the underlying bill is bad--I think it is good--but because of all of the people who just couldn't suppress the urge to add another ornament to the tree, something they personally wanted.  Now this bill comes to the floor, and those of us who like the underlying bill and despise the amendments added to it are in a real dilemma. I will probably end up voting for it, but it will be reluctantly. I can guarantee you this: If this passes--and I guess it will--I hope that others will join me, Democrats and Republicans, to make sure that we strip out these little baubles that have been added to the bill that, frankly, are not in the best interest ofthis Nation. They benefit a handful of wealthy people instead of Americans who deserve the real help and the real break in this legislation.  Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.  