President, it is my understanding under the unanimous consent request we have 40 minutes equally divided between the Senator from Idaho and myself.  I say by way of introduction, it is interesting we have two amendments that I don't believe are in conflict. I believe they are complementary. They both relate to guns. As I understand the amendment of the Senator from Idaho, he is seeking to reduce gun crime. I believe I will be able to support him. It appears to be consistent with my view, that those who misuse guns in the commission of a crime shall be accountable, regardless of their age. If that is what the Senator from Idaho seeks to do, I fully support it.  The amendment which I offer is complementary and very important because it addresses an issue which all of us, unfortunately, know too well. On the floor of the U.S. Senate a few weeks ago, my colleague from California, Senator Feinstein, came up and said to me, ``There's just been a wire story report that two children in Jonesboro, AR, have taken guns and shot classmates and a teacher.'' We couldn't believe that horrible story. Then it turned out to be true--four children killed, and a teacher, who put her life on the line to protect another student, also died.  As the information started coming in about Jonesboro, AR, we heard a story similar to what had happened in Pearl, MS, and what would later occur in Springfield, OR. The curious thing about the situation in Arkansas was that an 11-year-old child and a 13-year-old child took 10 lethal weapons and a reported 3,000 rounds of ammunition, went to the woods behind the school, activated the fire alarm, and shot away at the classmates.  Where did an 11-year-old child and a 13-year-old child come up with 10 lethal weapons and thousands of rounds of ammunition? That question stuck with me as I considered this legislation. The story goes, now, that one of the kids went to the parents' home to pick up the guns and go about this violent, grizzly business and found out that the parent had locked the guns up under lock and key. The kids tried to break open the storage locker. They failed. They went to a grandfather's house, where they picked up the guns and ammunition and went out in the woods and went about their deadly task.  How many times have we heard this story or versions of it? How many variations have we heard? The next day, in Dale City, CA, a high school student turns up at school with a semiautomatic pistol. You can bet that high school student didn't legally purchase it at a gun dealer. And that same day in Cleveland, OH, a 5-year-old turns up at a day care center with a loaded handgun.  The point of my amendment is to say let's get down to the bottom line here. We are as concerned about troubled children and violent behavior as anyone can be. Let us focus our attention on all that we can do to stop that. Make no mistake, a troubled child is a sad reality. A troubled child with a gun is a tragedy about to happen, not just to himself but to other innocent people.  This amendment which I am offering, called the Child Access Prevention Law, sets to establish a national standard which says that every gun owner in America has a responsibility to store his gun safely. An adult who has a gun in the house and knows, or should know, that a child could gain access to the gun, and a child does gain access and thereby causes death or injury or exhibits the gun in a public place, is subject to a Federal misdemeanor penalty of up to 1 year in prison, with up to $10,000 in fines.  But the exceptions are important as well. If that adult has stored the gun with a trigger lock, with another safety device, or under lock and key, then they are not bound by this law; they have met the standard of care.  If the juvenile uses the gun in a lawful act of self-defense, this provision does not apply either.  If the juvenile takes the gun off the person of a law enforcement official, the gun law that I have suggested here does not apply either.  If the owner has no reasonable expectation that children will be on the premises, then this law does not apply either.  Finally--and this is a point I want to make clear--we specifically say if the juvenile, the child, came up with the gun as a result of a burglary, stealing the gun out of premises where they did not have a legal right to enter, then there is no liability on the part of the gun owner.  We are talking about a situation where a gun owner owns guns, knows that children are present, and doesn't store them safely. Fifteen States havealready addressed this. Ten years ago, the State of Florida passed the first law. They said: ``There are too many children being killed with guns accidentally and intentionally. We want gun owners to accept the responsibility of storing them safely.'' In the first year after the Florida law was passed, gun accidents involving children went down 50 percent. Fourteen other States have passed this law. Nationally, there has been a reduction of 20 percent in the gun accidents that have occurred in those States that have already passed a similar law to this one.  What we are talking about here is establishing a national standard but not preempting any State law. If your State has a child access prevention law, then that will be the controlling law in every circumstance, and not this Federal law.  But I tell you this, you need only sit and talk to parents who have been through this to understand how important it is for us to have a standard of care for gun owners across America. A woman from my hometown sent me a handwritten letter about her little boy going to play next door, and another playmate pulls out a gun that his parents left unattended. It was loaded. He fired the gun. She wrote:       That little bullet went through my little boy's heart, and      mine too.  And mine, too.  Susan Wilson who came here just a few weeks ago, the mother of a little girl that she sent off to school, gave her a kiss goodbye and sent her off to school in Jonesboro, AR, never to see her alive again.  This suggestion for a change in law is not about taking anybody's guns away, it is about taking guns seriously. It says to every gun owner: You not only have the right to own a gun and the right to use it legally and safely, you have a responsibility--a responsibility--to store it safely and keep it away from children.  One of the experts on the Senate floor when it comes to guns is the Senator who is engaged in this debate with me, the Senator from Idaho, Senator Craig. Yesterday, during the course of a debate on trigger locks, Senator Craig said:       Proper storage of firearms is the responsibility of every      gun owner.  And then Senator Craig said:       A general firearm safety rule that must be applied to all      conditions is that a firearm should be stored so that it is      not accessible to untrained or unauthorized people.  And, in Senator Craig's words:       That is the right rule. That is the one that really fits.      That is the one that really works well and then you don't      have the accidents to talk about.  I think that is as strong an endorsement of the bill that I am offering as any language I could offer as part of this record.  I will tell you what I have found as I have traveled around and talked about establishing this standard of care so kids don't have access to guns. What I have found is overwhelming support from law enforcement. These are the men and women who answer the calls after there has been a terrible accident or a child has taken a gun out and shot someone intentionally. There has been solid support on this proposal from teachers. Can you imagine, a teacher who goes into a classroom, prepared to teach children, wonders if one of those kids has brought a gun to school. In my home State of Illinois, last school year--not this last one, the one before--144 kids were expelled for bringing weapons to school. It is, unfortunately, a growing trend in America.  In most instances, those weapons came from homes where the guns had not been safely stored. Mark my words, a child will always find Christmas gifts and a gun, no matter where you hide them. If you put it in the back of the drawer, behind the T-shirts, or up on the shelf in the closet, it is not good enough. We are a nation of 265 million people. We are a nation of 300 million guns, or more--300 million. At this moment, it is estimated that half of those guns are readily accessible to children, and a third of all guns are loaded. That is a tragic accident about to occur.  My goal in introducing this is not to send people to jail. My goal is to initiate a national conversation raising the level of awareness and saying to gun owners nationwide: Accept your responsibility to store your guns safely. If you want to own a gun, if you want to exercise your right, exercise your right responsibly. Save the children from these tragedies. Save the parents from this grief. Save innocent victims from what might occur.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  