President, for those who have counted out the tobacco lobby, for those who said the tobacco giants are now flat on their backs and have no strength left on Capitol Hill, I am afraid the last vote is an indication that there is still life in that tobacco lobby. This vote of 42 to 56 on a motion to bring to a halt the debate and bring to a vote the tobacco bill is a sad commentary on where we are today.  This legislation, S. 1415, which is the product of the Senate Commerce Committee and the hard work of both Republican and Democratic Senators, deserves a vote, not just because it is on the floor today but because what this bill sets out to do is so important for this Nation. Instead, what we have seen are the opponents of this legislation come to this floor over the last 3 weeks, producing amendments to grind us down, mire us down in debate, sink us in this morass of technicalities and procedures so we never get to this bill.  Many of my colleagues, Senators, have come to this floor and offered very important amendments, interesting amendments. They are not related to tobacco and children though. An amendment comes to the floor from one of the Senators, ``Let's talk about reforming the Internal Revenue Code.'' That is a good idea. We should do that on a regular basis. But on this bill? Why on this bill? This bill, which is designed to stop the addiction of our children to tobacco products, why should it be a forum for this debate on reforming the Internal Revenue Code?  Another Senator comes to the floor and says, ``Let's talk about the problem of narcotics in America.'' It is a terrible problem. It is a terrible problem. Everyone agrees with that. Every parent agrees with that. Yet, to raise that as an issue on this bill? To suggest, as part of this debate, we ought to talk about school vouchers? School vouchers, that is an important debate, too. But why in this bill? Why in this legislation, this historic piece of legislation that gives us a chance, for the first time in this Nation's history, to do something meaningful about tobacco, are we being diverted by so many amendments?  Do you know what the order of business before the Senate is at this moment? I can tell you what it is. You may want to write this down. For those with scorecards at home, be prepared with your pencils ready. We are currently debating the Coverdell amendment to the Durbin amendment to the Gramm motion to recommit with two underlying Gregg amendments still pending.  Hard to follow? It is designed to be hard to follow. It is designed to tangle us up in procedure so we never get to vote on this bill and never vote on this issue.  The tobacco companies have to be cheering after that last vote, 42 to 56, so we continue to mire ourselves in this procedural mess and never get to the bottom line. What is the bottom line? Let me show you in this graph. This is the bottom line. The smoking rates among high school seniors in America are at a 17-year high. As I speak today, in the Senate gallery we have many visitors and friends and a lot of youngsters who are here from schools. You know what I am talking about. You know what is happening in your grade schools and in your junior high schools and in your high schools--more and more children are starting to smoke. I have never in my life ever met a parent who has come to me and said: ``Great news, I just got the best news. My daughter just called, she started smoking.'' Have you ever heard that? I never heard that from any parent. It is a troubling piece of information which every parent dreads.  More and more kids, now over half the high school seniors in America, are taking up this deadly habit. Since we started this mindless debate, 66,000 children in America have started smoking for the first time. Tobacco companies have a big smile on their face: More and more kids addicted to their products, kids who will spend a fortune over their lifetimes on this addiction and ultimately a third of them to be victims of an early grave, because of this tobacco addiction. Yet here we are on the floor of the U.S. Senate. Here we are with this historic opportunity, with bipartisan legislation, to do what is right, to pass legislation and say to the tobacco companies, ``The game is over. We are no longer going to allow you to appeal to and addict our children. We are going to ask you be held accountable, accountable for reducing the percentage of children who are smoking.'' And, by overwhelming votes, Senators on both sides of the aisle supported my amendment last week to hold the tobacco companies specifically liable if kids continue to be lured into this addiction. Yet, over the weekend one of the leaders here in the Senate says the tobacco bill is all but dead--all but dead, after all this work.  Keep in mind, we are not just talking about another piece of legislation in the Senate. We are talking about the No. 1 preventable cause of death in America today. Members of the Senate, Democrats and Republicans, who missed this opportunity, will, frankly, have to answer for it--perhaps not in the next election, but maybe at a later time--as to why at this moment in history, when we had the chance to seize the opportunity and do something to help our children, we failed to do so.  I continue to believe we have a chance to pass this legislation. We have Democrats and Republicans alike who believe it is not only right but timely. But if we allow this procedural morass to continue, if we do not bring to a vote the critical amendments necessary so we can bring this bill to final passage, then the clock runs out.  As I said once before, I guess time is on the side of those who want to stop this legislation. But history is not on their side. History will judge them harshly. Having been given this opportunity to pass an important bill, they missed it. They missed it, to the detriment not of their own political careers but of their children. And the money to be raised from this bill, the money that comes from a tobacco tax--that is right, t-a-x, tobacco tax; call it a fee or what you like, I call it a tobacco tax--that money is going in for specific purposes to help children: Smoking cessation clinics, antismoking advertising, and medical research.  I will stand in the State of Illinois, or wherever I am called on, to defend that vote. I think asking smokers to pay more for their product to reduce the sales to children and put money in the Treasury for those purposes is a defensible thing to do and not something we should shrink away from. I have heardall this argument on the other side about this bill: Senator McCain's bill is going to create some massive Federal bureaucracy. Not so. Not so. This bill basically does, in self-executing ways, what we sought to achieve in the beginning, when 42 State attorneys general filed lawsuits across the United States saying to tobacco companies: Your day is over. You are going to be held accountable. This came to a basic agreement about a year ago. We are building on that agreement.  I salute them for their initiative in allowing us to reach this point. But, will this Senate miss this opportunity, as we missed the opportunity to pass campaign finance reform? Will we miss this opportunity to pass comprehensive tobacco legislation? This last vote, 42 to 56, is an indication we have a long way to go. Cooler heads have to prevail. Senators on both sides of the aisle have to understand, this is more than gamesmanship on some amendment tree; this is fundamentally a question about the public health of America and the public health of our children.  What we and the American people are waiting for is leadership, leadership here in the Senate to bring action to a close on this legislation. While we wait for that leadership, the advertising industry is waiting, too, pens poised, ready to write the next generation of ads for cigarettes to hook children. That will happen if this bill fails.  The lawyers are waiting, too. The lawyers are waiting with their legal briefs in hand to continue the next round of State litigation, and that will continue, month after month and year after year, if this bill fails.  The parents are waiting. The parents of America are waiting to see whether or not their children will be able to escape this addiction to tobacco while they go to school and while they grow up. Passing this bill will help those parents.  And, yes, the tobacco companies are waiting, too. They are waiting to see whether the Senate will drop the ball and give them another year of obscene profits at the expense of our children.  The President of the United States and this administration have shown extraordinary leadership on this issue. No President in history has ever stuck his neck out as far as President Clinton in fighting the tobacco lobby. He has taken a lot of grief for it. There have been a lot of people who invested a lot of money in opposition to folks who supported it. But he was right to do it. Those of us on the floor of the Senate who have been fighting this tobacco battle for over a decade have dreamed of this day and this opportunity.  And that is why it is so sad that we find ourselves in this gridlock, this procedural gridlock. I am sorry that the motion to close down debate and limit the amendments to those germane to the bill did not prevail. A similar motion will be offered tomorrow, and I hope that motion will prevail. In the meantime, I hope Democrats and Republicans will join Senator McCain and Senator Kerry of Massachusetts in a bipartisan effort to pass this landmark legislation.  Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.  