President, let me say at the outset that it is tough to follow the Senator from Minnesota. Senator Wellstone brings to this body extraordinary talent, and more than that, a conviction and fervent commitment to principle that all of us admire so greatly.  His first campaign for the U.S. Senate was legendary. He was a college professor, I believe, in a small college in Minnesota. He put himself on a school bus--an old, beaten up school bus--and traveled all around the State of Minnesota. He was dramatically outspent by a gentleman who had formerly served in the U.S. Senate, and, yet, prevailed.  His presence on the floor of the Senate indicates his reelection to the U.S. Senate and to the fact that there are Members of the Senate who can basically break the rules. He wasn't supposed to win. You are not supposed to have a chance when somebody outspends you 6 or 7 to 1. It might raise some question in some people's minds. Why we are even debating this if someone like Paul Wellstone can win when he is being so dramatically outspent? Why do we need campaign finance reform? It is just because of the fact that Paul Wellstone, unfortunately, is the exception to the rule. The rule is that at the end of a campaign, if you take a look at the amount of money spent by a candidate, in most instances--the overwhelming majority of instances--the candidate, whether it is the incumbent or the challenger, who spends more money will prevail, will win the election.  That really tells the story of why this bill--the McCain-Feingold bill--the only bipartisan campaign finance reform bill, is so important, because it strikes at the heart of this money chase.  Think about this last Presidential election in 1996--incumbent President Bill Clinton v. Senator Robert Dole, two extraordinarily talented men with a background in public service running for the highest office in the land. They traversed America from one side to the other. They were on every newscast every night. They debated with frequency. There was a great exchange on issues, and a real difference of opinion on many important questions.  We in America--at least the politicians--were focused on a daily basis.  Then came the election in November of 1996. Something historic occurred. I am not talking about who won and lost. What was historic was the fact that we had the lowest percentage turnout of eligible voters casting ballots in the Presidential election than we had in 72 years in America. Think of it. Despite all of the publicity, and all of the attention, when the election day came, Americans--American voters--stayed home.  Let me amend that for a moment.  The reason why 72 years applies is that 72 years before 1996 was the first election in American history when women were eligible to vote, and many did not. If you would take that particular election in 1924 out of the picture, you have to go back into the early part of the 19th century to see a lower turnout of eligible voters. Is that important? Does it mean anything that voters stayed home; that they have decided for the most important election in America that they wouldn't participate? I think it means everything in a democracy, because the voters--the citizens of this country--will not even come forward to express their choice in an election. It is not only a sad commentary on our democracy. It is a threat to our democracy.  The McCain-Feingold bill goes to the heart of the problem. Why did people stay home? Did they assume they already knew the results? That is possible. But I think a lot of them were sickened by this political process. They looked at the way that, in this case, men ran for President; and men and women ran or not for the House and Senate. They basically said, ``We don't care to participate in it. Our family is going to stay home.'' And they did.  What was it about those election campaigns? Was it the groveling that all of us as candidates who were not independently wealthy had to do to raise the money to be viable? I think that is part of it. I think that is the big part of it. They wonder how a man or a woman aspiring to serve in this body,or the House, can raise literally millions of dollars without dirtying themselves in the process, without sacrificing their own principles and values. They become increasingly skeptical of politicians in general, and the candidates up for election in particular.  There is another element, too--the advertising that we put on television during the course of the campaign. A lot of people are turned off by it. Most campaigns hire sophisticated people to make those ads. They hire pollsters who go out and take legitimate samples of American opinion--samples within a given State--and convert those samples into messages; 30-second messages that go up on television. Some of the messages are positive. Some are negative. It is the negative ones that unfortunately give us the bad name and lead a lot of people to say that this process itself is so fundamentally flawed.  This McCain-Feingold bill has one more aspect. And one important aspect of that says when it comes to these so-called independent expenditures--the issue advocacy ads--at the very minimum let us find out who these people are that are paying for the ads. That is not too much to ask. Let me give you an illustration.  The last time we debated this bill on the floor, I left the debate to go to a meeting of the Senate Judiciary Committee before which we had witnesses who were testifying on a variety of subjects, including the question of term limits. The term limits issue is fairly obvious. It says that we should limit--at least those people argue--that we should limit the number of terms served by Members of the U.S. Senate and Members of the House of Representatives. There is some surface appeal to this that has become a hot issue in a variety of elections. I know the issue myself personally, because in the closing days of my Senate race in the State of Illinois they spent about a quarter of a million dollars on TV ads criticizing me because I opposed the term limits proposal. And those ads were fairly effective. I won. But I had to deal with the criticism that they raised.  So there sat before me this gentleman representing the term limits movement who said he agreed with the opponents of McCain-Feingold that we shouldn't reform our campaign finance system. I said to the gentleman representing the term limits movement, ``Please, since I as a candidate have to disclose every penny that I raise, the source of the amount, and my political party has to do the same, I would like for your term limits movement, having spent millions of dollars to defeat or elect candidates to office, to do the same. Are you prepared to disclose to the American people the sources of the money that paid for those TV ads?'' His answer in a word was ``no.''  Why wouldn't he make a full disclosure? His argument was--follow this one, if you will--that there would be retribution from elected officials whom they disagreed with. I don't buy it.  Men and women organizations come forward on a regular basis to contribute to political campaigns. They understand they have taken a position for a man or woman running for office. The fear of retribution is part of the concern. But it is an illustration of how an organization with some high-sounding purpose like limiting terms for Members of the House and Senate can literally spend millions of dollars of mystery money and never make a full disclosure; never make any disclosure as to the source of those funds.  Is it important? It could be. Who knows who is financing term limits in America? Is it one person? Is it one company? Is it one special interest group? That is a legitimate question. I can guarantee you that you will not see the term limits movement people standing around the shopping centers of America with kettles and bells asking for quarters and dimes. They don't do business that way. They deal in big checks from big players, big expenditures, to make a big impact on the system, and they are totally, totally unregulated. That to me is shameful. It is disgraceful.  What is going on here in this debate on McCain-Feingold is an attempt to change the system, to clean it up, and to restore some character to our political process. I am at the same disadvantage as Senator Wellstone of Minnesota and Senator Feingold, one of the cosponsors, of Wisconsin. I was raised in a family that was not wealthy. I had a wealthy background in terms of values and education but not a lot of money. Fortunately, with good education and some good friends, I was able to start a career in public service. But now we find this new emerging phenomenon in American political life on both sides, Democrat and Republican, the so-called middle-aged, crazy millionaire who shows up on the scene bored with his life who decides he is tired of practicing law, he is tired of making lots of money in business and now has dreams of being Governor or Senator or you name it. They then take their personal wealth and, under the existing law, spend it to basically buy a campaign, buy their way into office.  I think there are some genuinely good people who have done this, but I think we have to ask ourselves what will happen to this political process if more and more of this sort of person become the Representatives and Senators of America. I think we will lose something. We would lose something like a Patty Murray, who is a Senator from the State of Washington, who has a background of teaching in a classroom. I am glad Senator Patty Murray is on the floor of the Senate. When we discuss educational issues, I turn to Patty Murray. Time and again, I want her perspective because she has been there. She comes from a family of modest means, but she makes a great contribution because the voters in the State of Washington have allowed her to come to this floor. And when you look around this Chamber you find others, Democrats and Republicans, of similar backgrounds. Unless we are prepared to reform this campaign finance system, I am afraid it will become more elite, more plutocratic, if you will, and limited in terms of the types of people who do serve it.  Let me also, in closing, note the procedural issue that we face here. This is an important issue. It was brought up before the Senate once before, and it was stopped. Some 57 Senators, if I am not mistaken, Democrats and Republicans, came forward saying they supported it, but in this body it really takes 60 in order to stop the filibuster. Sixty votes were not there. Campaign finance died. The House went through heroic efforts to bring this to the floor over the opposition of Speaker Gingrich. After weeks of debate, weeks of amendment, they passed it, and now this bill sits ready for our approval.  Will we vote on it? That would seem the obvious thing. Let's vote on campaign finance reform, up or down. We are going to have it or we are not. If we can pass it, let's send it to the President. Let's try to make sure that we achieve at least one thing in this legislative session. And yet it is not likely we will ever see that opportunity. It is not likely because under the rules of the Senate procedurally you can basically stop a vote. I hope that doesn't happen. I hope we have an opportunity for the yeas and nays on this question, an up-or-down vote. Let the Senators of both parties be on record before they go home. Are they in favor of reform or would they want to obfuscate this issue, cover it up with rhetoric? Try to say to the voters back home: You just don't understand; it is much more complicated.  I hope that doesn't occur. I hope that we will have the up-or-down vote. I hope the men and women of the Senate, Democrats and Republicans, will cast their vote on this issue of campaign finance reform. I do believe what is at stake here is more than just a bipartisan bill. Senator McCain of Arizona and Senator Feingold of Wisconsin are the chief sponsors. At stake here is the question of the future of this democracy. We are just a few scant weeks away from an important election, an election which will ask the American people to make their choices again.  I guess it sounds almost hackneyed now to talk about the legacy that we have in this country, that we so often take for granted.  I can recall just a few years ago when I was given an opportunity to visit the tiny country where my mother was born, the country of Lithuania. Lithuania, which has for over 50 years been under Soviet domination, was given for the first time a chance at democracy, the first time in half a century. I was there as then-President Gorbachev sentin the tanks in an effort to quell this democratic movement, and, fortunately, he was not successful. People of that country risked their lives. They certainly risked their political futures because they wanted to vote. They wanted to elect their leaders. It was gratifying that they would invite me and others from the United States, because we represented to them what this was all about--democracy, the people speaking.  I found it curious. As each one of these leaders would emerge in these new countries, they would visit around the world, but the first stop would always be right here in this building, on Capitol Hill, before a joint session of Congress. Whether it was Lech Walesa, Vaclav Havel, the leaders of the Philippines and other places, in order to validate their democratic experiment, in order to come to what they considered to be the cradle of liberty, they came here to this building. They recognized in our country what many of our citizens are failing to recognize--what this democracy really means and what it is all about.  There are some who will argue this issue and say that the speech I have just made is too idealistic, it is way beyond practical politics. They are right. It is about ideals. It is about the democratic ideals that are at stake if we don't reform this system. I hope those who oppose this bill will in all fairness give us a chance for an up-or-down vote.  Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.  