President, I rise in support of the amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island.  Recently, some credit card issuers have started to discriminate against people who pay off their account balances each month, and, therefore, don't incur finance charges for the credit card purchases. These issuers charge such customers a monthly fee, or they actually terminate the customer's account.  The Reed amendment would prohibit credit card issuers from charging a fee, or terminating an account based solely on the customer's failure to go into debt to incur finance charges.  Let me tell you why I think this is a good idea.  Industry experts have concluded that many issuers of these cards have been actively discouraging consumers from paying off balances by lowering their monthly minimum payments, and, in some cases, requiring as little as 2 percent of the balance on their credit card debt each month. Think of how long it would take to pay off your credit card under such circumstances. At such a rate, it could take 34 years, in fact, to pay off a $2,500 credit card balance, with payments totalling 300 percent of the original principal.  In fact, about 40 percent of American credit card holders pay their balances in full each month, thus incurring no interest charges. Such ``convenience users'' are considered freeloaders by these credit card companies--even deadbeats. They want people to go into debt. They want us to pay finance charges as much as possible every single month. Some credit card companies charge annual fees and other techniques to discourage this type of credit card use.  I think the amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode Island is a good one. I will support it on the floor. I believe that the credit card companies should understand that if some people are unable to make their monthly payments, and thus, incur additional expenses, so, too, there are people who really do pay off their debts as they are incurred, and in so doing these people should not be penalized.  I yield the remainder of my time.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  