President. I thank our friend for yielding this time. I thank the Senator from Massachusetts for his leadership on this, and the senior Senator from Massachusetts for offering this important amendment.  For those of you following this debate who are wondering what is happened here, we are 4 hours behind where we were supposed to be. There was a minifilibuster on the floor here when the Senator from Missouri took the floor and slowed us down. So we will have a backlog of amendments with the Memorial Day weekend coming in the hopes that we will not finish this bill. This is a time-honored Senate tradition. You have seen it earlier on the floor. We are now 4 hours late.  I have an important amendment to offer, and I hope to offer it today. And others want to do the same. I say to those who are joining in the minifilibusters that the clock may be on their side but history is not. They are on the wrong side of history in supporting the positions of the tobacco companies.  Pick up the morning paper and take a look at what the tobacco companies are telling Americans about why they oppose the McCain bill, and why they believe the legislation we are considering on this floor, which would increase the cost of a pack of cigarettes to reduce the number of children smoking, the tobacco companies say that is wrong. Are the tobacco companies credible?  Exhibit A, photograph A, eight tobacco company executives, 4 years ago standing before a House committee, under oath swearing that tobacco is not addictive. I rest my case about their credibility.  There are three issues for us to consider here in this debate.  The first, will price increase reduce teen smoking? It has been shown and needs to be shown again. We have a living example in Canada. As the price of the product went up, children smoking went down. We know that kids have less disposable income. You raise the price of the product, a few of them will say, ``I don't think I can afford this habit.''  That is what we are driving at. The experts come along and tell us that is right.  We have a statement from Frank Chaloupka, Associate Professor of Economics at the University of Illinois at Chicago who says: ``Based on this research, I estimate that a $1.50 increase in the federal cigarette tax''--Senator Kennedy's bill, which I support--``implemented over 3 years and maintained in real, inflation-adjusted terms, will cut the prevalence of youth smoking in half.''  Will price increases reduce teen smoking? Clearly they will.  Second is a $1.50 price increase better than $1.10? It is a reasonable question to ask. I think we can see what happens when we deal with an increase of $1.50 over $1.10.  Take a look at this chart. If we had no change in the cigarette tax, this is basically what would occur. We would expect the same prevalence of smoking. If we had a change of a $1.10 increase in the cost of cigarettes, we can see a 34-percent reduction in the number of young people who are smoking. Now, take a look at $1.50. The conclusion is obvious; a 56-percent reduction.  So as we increase the price of the product, children stop using it, not only in economic models, but in our historical experience in Canada.  The third question is this taxpayer. That is a legitimate question.  I will concede that the opponents of this tobacco legislation say that this tax will necessarily hit lower-income Americans the hardest because they smoke the most. There are a lot of explanations for that, not the least of which is the tobacco industry, which over the years has really targeted those folks. Go into any inner-city area in America and take a look at the billboards and you will see block after block of alcohol and tobacco advertising. They believe that these folks and that income category are more vulnerable to become addicted to tobacco products. They have been successful in luring them.  So we can tax the product and it will necessarily hit those in the lower-income category. Is it fair for us to tax it? We generally asked Americans what they thought of this idea. I think you might be interested in the results. When a poll was done, this poll was done by a national organization paid for by the American Cancer Society and released a few days ago. The results are that a majority, 59 percent of Americans, favor a $1.50-per-pack increase, Senator Kennedy's proposed increase, while only 39 percent oppose.  When they were asked what would you do with the money that is raised, what do you think is a reasonablething to do with these new tobacco revenues, they said additional health research on cancer, heart disease, and other tobacco-related illness.  That is in this bill. That is exactly what we are setting out to do: 82 percent to fund antitobacco education programs--they think that is a good idea--81 percent, programs that are directed toward children to get them to stop smoking.  So you see what we have here is an attempt to slow down the debate on an important piece of legislation that is literally historic.  Eleven years ago, the Senator from New Jersey, Frank Lautenberg, and I embarked on a little project. I was a Member of the House at the time and he was here in the Senate. The two of us introduced and successfully passed legislation to ban smoking on airplanes. It was the first time the tobacco lobby lost on the floor of the House and the Senate in history. I was proud to be a part of that partnership with Senator Lautenberg, and am happy to serve with him today and to be part of this debate as well.  How far we have come. Let us not miss this historic opportunity to pass the Kennedy amendment to make certain that the $1.50 increase will truly reduce the number of kids smoking to make certain that the goal of this legislation to protect our children is one that is served. The tobacco companies have spent billions of dollars to lure and addict these children. Do we have the courage on the floor of the Senate to beat back the filibuster and to muster the votes to protect those children and their families? I think we do.  I rise in strong support of this legislation. I hope my colleagues will join me in voting for it.  I yield the remainder of my time.  