President, I just left a meeting, partisan meeting, Democrats, Senators and Congressmen, with the President and Vice President where we discussed our agenda for this year. At the end of the meeting, President Clinton said that he hoped we could reach across the aisle to the Republican side and find common ground, concede honest differences of opinion but move forward on an agenda which is critically important to all of America's population and families.  I know it is ambitious to think that in a year with an abbreviated schedule we will achieve even a majority of the ideas that were propounded at this meeting or that the Democrats stand for--for that matter, that the Republicans stand for--but we would be remiss if we didn't try. I think we were all sent here to use our best efforts to find common ground and to resolve those difficulties that ordinary Americans face.  One of them I have taken a special interest in and over the last month or so have really focused on in the State of Illinois is the issue of child care. I have visited 16 or 18 child care centers in my State from far south in Cairo, as we pronounce it, to Chicago and across the length and breadth of a very diverse State, my home State of Illinois.  What I find in child care for working families in Illinois is extraordinary diversity. Just about every community in which you stop has a little different approach. It seems that some are blessed with the support of larger institutions. Maybe the most modern, up-to-date and impressive facility was at a U.S. Air Force base, Scott Air Force Base near Belleville, IL. But, of course, the Federal Government has made a rather substantial investment so that the children of the men and women who are working on that base have the very best in child care. I then went as well to the Belleville Community College and saw where the community college made the same type of commitment. It makes a difference. You can just feel it in terms of what is being offered.  That is not to diminish the efforts being made in a lot of different settings. When I would go down to Marion, IL, into the back of a church and find a very small and crowded room with the happiest kids I have ever run into, being supervised by a lady who is probably close to 60 years of age but who truly is devoted to these children, it tells you that what is part of the success of child care in America has to do more with the people involved in it than any Government program or any structure or building or any bricks or mortar.  But having said that, I came away from this tour sensitized to the fact that this is a real issue. So many people in America look at the Senate and the House of Representatives and wonder what newspapers we are reading, what people we are talking to, as we are consumed with issues that seem totally irrelevant.  Now, some of those issues are truly important, but for the average working family their concerns are much more down to earth. I have yet to meet a working mother or a working family with small children where I don't find a genuine concern about day care. My wife and I raised three kids, and we were fortunate; my wife was able to stay home until the kids were all off to kindergarten at least. And I think that was the very best that we could give to them. I look back on it as something that really made a positive impression, a positive difference in their life, and yet we know today that so many parents cannot make that choice, that both parents have to work or if it is a single parent that there is just no alternative but to turn the children over to a care giver during the day. And we also know that care giving in day care is occurring at a critical moment in that child's development. Seventy-five percent of the human brain is developed in the first 18 months on Earth. Most of the day care centers I visited would not accept a child until they had reached the age of 2 or until they were out of diapers. And so for the first 2 years of critical brain development in these children it was a gamble. Was there someone nearby that could be counted on, a neighbor or relative, perhaps some other setting where the child would get honest, good, safe care?  What the President has proposed in his State of the Union Address and I hope that Democrats and Republicans can debate is what we can do to help working families provide for quality child care. I honestly believe that the investment in early childhood development is the best investment this Nation can make. You often wonder how a child born in ordinary or even poor circumstances has much of a chance. They usually have a chance if they have loving parents with the skills and the time and the resources to make their living meaningful. I came from a family of modest means but, thank goodness, had a mother and father who cared, and I think that is why I am standing here today.  But for a lot of kids that option is strained because a lot of parents do not have resources, and as a consequence they look around in the system and find precious few alternatives. First, most child care is expensive. It is expensive for families that are trying to get by and trying to pay the bills.  What the President has suggested is that we, through money raised in the tobacco bill, send those revenues back to States to make available to working families. So that those families that are out struggling, trying to get by will have a helping hand from the Government to pay for child care. I think that is money well spent, and there is no two ways about it.  Secondly, we have to ask who will work in these child care centers. It is a fact of life that most of the people working there receive precious more than the minimum wage, and they look for alternatives. The turnover rate nationally is 40 percent and in some communities even higher each year as child care workers move on to another job.  In Illinois, we demand of these workers 2 years of college education and then give them a minimum wage. High school dropouts are paid a minimum wage. These students who stayed in school and worked hard to pass the courses are basically being asked to work for the same. Then, of course, we know that businesses that invest in child care really do bond with their employees. Employees value this as one of the most important benefits of work.  So the President has said not only money to help families pay for childcare, also some resources to make certain we can help the students who want to get the education, qualify to be child care assistants but encouragement as well in the Tax Code to businesses to set up child care centers.  Each day, three out of five children under the age of 6 in America including almost half of the babies and toddlers spend some or all of their day being cared for by someone other than their parents. In my home State, we estimate about 600,000 children each day under the age of 6 are in child care. The cost--$4,000 to $10,000 a year. Think about a person struggling by on a low-wage job and facing $4,000--$80 a week--that has to be out of pocket and paid for child care.  In our agenda, the Democratic agenda, we set out to change this, to try to make certain that working families are given a helping hand.  I have tried to reflect about the course of history when it comes to caring for children in America. We all remember child labor laws and things that have been done to help kids, but in the 19th century we made the most significant decision when we said in America that we would embark on creating a system of public education so that if you happened to be a child from a family of modest means you still had a fighting chance. America cared and America made a commitment through the State and local units of Government to make certain that public education would be there starting at the age of 6 and it was a sensible commitment, not only for the good of the child but the good of the Nation.  Here today as we embark on the 21st century we know so much more. We know that by the age of 6 many children have gone through important formative years, many children have been trained, for good or bad, and that that training is going to be part of that child for years to come.  So what more can we do? What more should we do? We have created a Head Start program which is designed to give these kids, at least those from 3 to 5, a chance to have a structured, positive learning environment. It is a very good program and one that needs to be funded at higher levels. But now we know even more is needed. Are we ready in this Chamber, Democrats and Republicans alike, to really engage in a national debate about whether the model for the 19th century of public education is adequate for the 21st century for America?  Most educators, if they give you an honest appraisal, will say, if they were given the option of one additional year of mandatory education, they would not put it after high school, they would put it before kindergarten. Bring the children in earlier.  Talk to teachers, if you will, who are in classrooms every day. They can identify kids who come from a good family and home, where one parent stayed home to help raise the child or they went through some good child care and received the right training, and they can identify those kids who did not. Some of them fall behind, never to catch up. So one of the things we are striving for this year is to follow the President's lead and make sure we make a commitment here in the Senate and the House of Representatives to help these families.  