President, let me say at the outset, I am going to support this motion for cloture to proceed on the bill because I agree with my colleague and friend, the Senator from Iowa, that this is an important issue that should be addressed by this Congress. He has been eminently fair in all of his dealings with me on this legislation. Being a member of the abject minority, I appreciate that, and that sort of fairness I hope will be rewarded in the passage of a bankruptcy reform bill which both Senator Grassley and I will be proud of.  I am hoping during the course of this debate we can point out those areas of the bill that need to be addressed and address them in a responsible way. I think this is, at its heart, a good bill. I think there are some elements of it which can be changed and improved to make it better.  Let me address at the outset his frustration, and mine, too, over the fact that this bill may become a vehicle for other issues. First, why is this necessary? Why would any Senator want to come and put a measure such as an increase in the minimum wage on the bankruptcy bill? It does not seem to follow very closely. I guess there is some connection to it, but by and large you would think we could vote separately on the minimum wage bill. The honest answer is, we should. The honest answer is, we cannot. The Republican leadership refuses to afford an opportunity for many of the more serious measures that have been brought before this Congress to be considered. Some of my colleagues, in frustration, look for virtually any bill, any vehicle, to move important measures such as reform of HMOs, campaign finance reform, or an increase in the minimum wage. I hope, while Senator Grassley and I address the merits of this legislation, that the Republican and Democratic leadership in a bipartisan fashion can come to an agreement as to the proper time and place for us to consider important measures such as an increase in the minimum wage.  Having said that, let me address the issue of bankruptcy reform. As I mentioned the other day, it is truly an area that deserves our attention. The dramatic increase in the filings in bankruptcy in America suggest that we should look at the bankruptcy system. We have tried to do that in the committee, both in the full committee and the subcommittee. We will address it again on the floor of the Senate. There are many people who have many explanations for the increase in the filings in bankruptcy. One of the most cogent explanations that I have found is demonstrated by this chart.  Why do more people file for bankruptcy in a time when the American economy is expanding and more jobs have been created, people are building homes and starting businesses, and inflation is down? Why in the world would more people be filing for bankruptcy? I think this chart answers that question. Bankruptcy cases track consumer debt. As Americans become more deeply indebted, particularly unsecured debt--not their home or their car, but unsecured debt like credit card debt--they become more vulnerable. One bad occurrence in a person's life--the loss of a job, a divorce, a serious illness in the household --and they find themselves pushed over the edge. A lot of people find that as their debt increases they are more vulnerable to bankruptcy.  Just look at this chart which tries to track the number of filings in bankruptcy per capita along with the debt-to-income ratio. It is no surprise to me that they are in lockstep. So the credit industry that comes to us and talks about bankruptcy reform must accept some share of responsibility for the increases in filing.  Who are the people filing for bankruptcy? There are clearly exceptions to the rule, but if you look at the average person filing for bankruptcy, you will see that consistently the income of the person filing for bankruptcy has been descending, going down over the years; the average income in 1997, $17,652. These are people who are making less than $10 an hour who are filing for bankruptcy. So they are not the fat cats, the ones who are going to the canny attorneys who can find some way to bring them to bankruptcy court. These are genuinely low-income Americans. The average debt of the person filing for bankruptcy is about $28,000. That is the average.  What this bill tries to address is not that average person but the person who is the exception filing for bankruptcy, the one who is, perhaps, trying to take advantage of the system.  The reason this debate is important--and I hope my colleague, the Senator from Iowa, will note in the information that we have shared with him--is our belief that we should address not just the bill as it is written and some changes in it but some other aspects of this question. I do believe, as does Senator Sarbanes of Maryland and Senator Dodd of Connecticut, who are joining me in offering an amendment, that we should call on the credit card companies to accept more responsibility, too. If the people who are incurring debt are asked to be more responsible, so, too, should these companies.  How many credit card solicitations have you received in the last month or two? You almost have to shovel them away from the mailbox. Whether you have asked for it or not, a lot of people want to offer you credit, perhaps more credit than you should have. Time and again, more people take these credit cards and get more deeply in debt and then struggle to find a way to pay for them.  I also think we have to address the billing system, the minimum monthly payment on your credit card. I think the credit card companies should tell you how long it will take to pay off your balance and how much interest you will pay if you pay the minimum monthly amount. Is that unreasonable? I think it is only fair. It really gives a person at least some sobering message, perhaps, that they cannot continue to pay the minimum monthly balance and expect to ever come out of debt.  Finally, you may not realize it but some of the credit cards that we own, when we go to charge on a purchase, establish a security interest. What does that mean? It means that if you find yourself in hard times, the credit card company can claim the item you purchased. You didn't know that? A lot of people do not. I don't think it is unreasonable that the credit card companies make that disclosure.  We also want to make sure the credit card solicitations are done in an honest way. We find a lot of people, and some nonhumans, I might add, who are receiving credit card solicitations who should not--people who are mentally incompetent, people who are too young to own a credit card in any State. I think this needs to be cleaned up.  We also need to protect retirement income in bankruptcy. If you file for bankruptcy, did you know your 401(k) plan is protected but your IRA is not? Why would that be? One of the amendments we are offering is to make sure that there is equal treatment of retirement income.  We also want to change the area of farm bankruptcy. That has not been touched in 15 years, and it should be.  In the area of reaffirmations, when it comes to the debts that the creditor should convince you that you shouldn't step away from, you should still accept responsibility for, let's make a level playing field. Let's make certain there is not too much pressure on the debtor.  We also talk about tax returns with this bill. As it is written, if you walk into bankruptcy court and file a petition and do not produce within 65 days your income tax returns for the previous 3 years and your pay stubs for the previous 6 months, you are thrown out of court. I asked the Internal Revenue Service, if I asked for my income tax returns, how long would it take me to receive them? They said 60 days, if you are lucky. But you ask somebody who writes to the IRS, and they tell you it takes a lot longer. We ask that there be some provision in the bill that is sensitive to this.  One of the other areas of the bill says you can't file for bankruptcy unless you have been to a consumer credit counselor. That sounds reasonable, but the consumer credit counseling industry came to us and said, ``We can't handle this. We can't handle over 1 million people coming through our doors each year. We can't be the threshold for bankruptcy court.'' That is what this bill does. I am afraid it goes too far.  Another thing that concerns me is, in bankruptcy there are certain categories of debt that are protected. One of them is the area of child support. If we are going to have a mother with children, who was perhaps involved in a divorce and now relies on child support, receive enough money to raise her children, we can't send her into a bankruptcy court that diminishes her ability to recover those child support payments. Unfortunately, this bill does.  I have just outlined a handful of the amendments that we think are important to make this a better bill. I believe that my colleague, the Senator from Iowa, is going to accept some of these or some form of these, as he has been very responsive and open in the past to talk about some changes, constructive changes in the bill.  When it is all said and done, I believe we can pass a good Bankruptcy Reform Act, one that is a credit to both parties that have been involved in this debate, and particularly a credit to the chairman of the subcommittee who has worked so long and hard on this measure.  Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.  