 I thank the Senator from Wisconsin and I rise in strong support of his resolution.  Let's understand what we are talking about. We decided long ago that if a person filed bankruptcy, we would allow them to protect certain things that we considered essential, and one of those things was a home. Now, of course, that is understandable; 50 percent of the people filing for bankruptcy are homeowners; but we left it to the States to come up with the amount of money that your home could be worth, and you could exempt it.  As a consequence, with 50 different States, we have basically 50 different approaches. Some of these approaches, unfortunately, have led to abuse. The Senator from Wisconsin described two or three cases where people literally owed millions of dollars and quickly raced out to buy a multimillion-dollar home to put everything they could into it and to basically guard it away from any creditor in bankruptcy. I do not think that is what we had in mind when we put the homestead exemption in place. It was a legitimate effort to protect someone's home.  I see the Senator from Alabama has taken the floor. I congratulate him, Senator Sessions, as well as Senator Kohl for their leadership here.  Let me tell you why I think this is important. The idea behind this bill was to stop the abuses in bankruptcy. Professor Elizabeth Warren of Harvard Law School, whom I have really come to respect for her knowledge of this subject, calls the disparity among State homestead exemptions ``the biggest single scandal in the consumer bankruptcy system.''  To think, in the instance of a doctor in Miami who refused to carry malpractice insurance, who was sued by four different people, one of them a person who lost a leg, and then when they went to collect against the doctor personally, because he had no insurance, he basically hid behind the homestead exemption and said, ``Everything I own is in my home and you cannot touch it''--that really is an abuse of the system. I am glad Senator Sessions and Senator Kohl have shown leadership on this and I am happy to support their efforts.  