Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Montana.  Let me at the outset salute my colleagues, Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey and Senator Mike DeWine of Ohio, who are, on a bipartisan basis, offering an amendment today which is critically important to the safety of American families.  America has learned the dangers of drunk driving. Americans understand that we lose one of our neighbors, or one of our children, or one of our friends, or one of the people we work with every 30 minutes to a drunk driver--every 30 minutes. America understands that this law which we are debating will save 500 to 600 lives each year. It will spare countless parents, spouses, and friends from the senseless tragedy of drunk driving deaths.  America understands. Does the U.S. Senate understand? The vote will answer the question in just a few moments.  Let me address the issue of States rights. I don't believe this debate is about States rights. I think it is time, in this particular situation, to reject this well-worn argument when it comes to saving lives.  I can remember this argument about States rights a few years ago when I served in the House because there was a hodgepodge of standards around the United States. In some States you could drink at the age of 18, some at the age of 21, and we decided to make it uniform. The States said this is a mistake, that the Federal Government shouldn't to it, that it is the heavy hand of Central Government trying to impose its will on States. Of course, it made no sense.  In my home State of Illinois, where the kids at night would drive across the border to Wisconsin and drink legally and then drive home drunk, killing themselves and innocent people, it made no sense. We rejected it. We said it will be a national uniform standard drinking age of 21. What we are saying here is that we will have a national uniform standard when it comes to drunk driving.  This debate is not about protecting States rights. This debate is about protecting families that live in every State. It is about protecting families who go on vacation from State to State and worry about their safety. It is about people who go to the store and think it is just a casual trip in the car and find, because of a drunk driver, that a fatal accident or a serious accident resulting. That is what this debate is really about. Families that cross State lines shouldn't fear that there is more danger in one State or the other to drunk drivers.  I think we have to react to the reality of the number of Americans who are losing their lives each year because of drunk driving.  The New York Times probably said it best in the title to its editorial: ``One Nation, Drunk or Sober.'' Should it be a different standard in each State because of the issue of States rights? Can you imagine going to the funeral home, can you imagine meeting with the grieving parents, or the students when someone has lost a classmate, and saying, ``I am sorry we cannot do more on drunk driving because it is an issue of States rights?'' How empty that argument sounds when we are talking about saving lives.  When you look at the groups that are supporting this, listen to what the Wall Street Journal has to say. This is no liberal organization. It is pretty conservative. And they say:       Safe alcohol levels should be set by health experts,      not the lobby for Hooters and Harrah's. The Lautenberg-     DeWine-Lowey amendment isn't a drive toward prohibition      but an uphill push toward health consensus.  Then go to the experts--not only the health experts--who will tell you that the impairment of drivers at .08 is a serious matter. They estimate that some 40 percent of all of the alcohol-related accidents occur with people who have been drinking and have imbibed at a level that doesn't quite reach .10 but is at .08, and still is very serious.  Then, of course, go beyond the health experts. Talk to the law enforcement people--the people who respond to these accidents, the people who have to see the tragedy when someone makes a terrible decision to drink and drive and, as a consequence, lives are lost and people are injured. They stand shoulder to shoulder begging us to pass this Lautenberg-DeWine amendment, as does the organization, Mothers Against Drunk Driving.  I want to salute them especially. This is the type of political movement in America which is really, I guess, unique to our country; people who have been touched by tragedy come together and say, ``Let's make a difference; let's spare other lives that might be lost.'' Mothers Against Drunk Drivers, Students Against Drunk Driving in Illinois and around the Nation have really led this debate.  I am happy to stand in support of the Lautenberg-DeWine amendment. I think doing this will not only save lives, but it will put to rest once and for all this empty argument that this is really about States rights. This is about much more. It is about the rights of every family in every State to get on the highway and to realize that they can be safe.  I thank the Chair.  