 This chart really brings home the issue what we are faced with. In 1960, the total amount of money spent in the United States of America on all Federal, State and local campaigns--$175 million. Watch it grow. Watch it grow dynamically until we get to $4 billion, the estimate of the amount spent in 1996 on all political campaigns.  But look what is happening to the voters. When we are spending $175 million, 63 percent of the voters turned out. As we get up to $4 billion in spending, we are down to 49% of the voters showing up for the Presidential election year.  If you were running a company and you said to your marketing division, ``I want you to double the advertising budget and sell more of our product,'' and they come back in the next quarter and said, ``We doubled the advertising budget and we're selling fewer products,'' you would have to reach one of two conclusions: something was wrong with your advertising organization or something is wrong with your product. In politics there is something wrong with both.  People are sick of our advertising. It is too negative. It is too nasty. These drive-by shooting ads that we have, 30-second ads by issue groups you never heard of, at the last minute of a campaign, and candidates, myself included, spending a lot of time groveling and begging for money, that does not help the process. It does not help our image. It does not encourage people to get involved.  What McCain-Feingold is about is not just changing the law but changing the attitude of the public toward the political campaigns. And unless and until that happens, we face a very serious problem in this country. What McCain-Feingold goes after in eliminating soft money is something that has to happen. Soft money is what is left after all of the restrictions on hard money have been applied.  For those who are not well versed in the language of politics and campaigns, ``soft money'' can be corporate money, it can be money that is given by a person that exceeds any kind of limitation. It can be money that is used indirectly to help a campaign. And that sort of expenditure has just mushroomed.  I am glad that the legislation of Senator Feingold and Senator McCain is going to ban soft money. I also think it is critically important they do something about these issues ads. For goodness sakes, as a candidate for the U.S.Senate, I have to disclose every penny raised and every penny spent. And when I put an ad on the air, I have to put an allocation at the bottom of each ad as to who paid for it and a little mug shot of myself so they can see my face.  But these groups that appear out of nowhere come in, in the closing days of a campaign, and absolutely blister candidates in the name of issue advocacy groups that do not disclose one single item of fact about how they raise their money and how they spent it. Don't believe for a minute that there is some group called the ``Campaign for Term Limits'' that is running around shopping centers with kettles and bells collecting money. This is a special interest group, spending literally millions of dollars in our political process to defeat candidates in the name of an issue, and you do not know a thing about them. You do not know if they are funded by the tobacco companies, you do not know if they are funded by foreign money, you do not have a clue. That is not fair.  What we have in the McCain-Feingold bill is an effort to finally--finally--bring some reality to this process and some sensibility to it. And it is long overdue. We have to make sure that we have a bustling, free marketplace of ideas. But the evidence is compelling that political megamergers of special interest groups like the NRA, Right to Life, Americans for Tax Reform, Chamber of Commerce, and even the AFL-CIO, which has clearly supported more Democrats than Republicans, all of these things are driving individuals with limited means and middle-range incomes out of the political process.  To argue passionately as we have in America for ``one man, one vote'' as a pillar of democracy and ignore the gross disparity of resources available to pursue that vote is elitist myopia.  I rise in support of this bill. And I hope that those who do support real campaign finance reform will not fall for proposals and poison pill amendments which will basically scuttle this effort. We have a rare opportunity to win back the American people and their confidence in our process. Defeating McCain-Feingold by procedural tricks and any other mechanism that they dream up is really not serving the future of this country and the future of our Republic. So I stand in strong support of McCain-Feingold, and thank my colleague from Wisconsin for yielding this time.  