 I rise in support of this amendment that has been offered by Senator Dodd, Senator Roberts, Senator Hagel, and Senator Biden in a bipartisan fashion.  The seat that I usually occupy over here is a desk once occupied by Senator Hubert Humphrey of Minnesota. Senator Humphrey of Minnesota was from an agricultural State, and said in the darkest days of the cold war when the United States was engaged in massive troop commitments in Europe to protect against the possible encroachment of communism, when we were fixated in our foreign policy of the possibility of Soviet expansionism, said that we should be willing to trade anything they can't shoot back at us, and on that basis promoted the idea of agricultural trade.  You may remember visits by Nikita Khrushchev to the United States to farms in Iowa during the midst of the cold war and the suggestions that we should still engage in trade involving food with a nation that was, in fact, our mortal enemy, the U.S.S.R. A lot of us in the Farm Belt felt that this was a reasonable means to provide some exchange not only of goods but of ideas. We felt that it also said to the average Soviet citizen that the United States of America represented people who not only had a bounty to share but were willing to do it despite our clear political differences.  Senator Humphrey inspired a policy which was followed by Democrats and Republicans for years. Soviet grain sales was a major source of discussion, even during the height of the cold war. I guess when President Reagan announced that the Soviet Union was the ``Evil Empire,'' we were still dealing in grain. We believed we could deal in food and still have a serious difference in terms of political philosophy.  Does it make a difference? Are we kidding ourselves to believe that if American food products should be sent to another country it has any impact? I think it does.  Eight years ago I went to India. Outside of Calcutta in a dusty little village I visited a site where some of America's agricultural products were being sent. It was a little facility where children--tiny little emaciated children--were being brought in for what, in effect, was their best meal of the day. I looked, and was somewhat amused to find that the bag of grain came from Peoria, IL. Imagine my pride that what we had grown in Peoria--the corn, soybeans, and wheat that was brought in--was a food product being fed in a small village outside Calcutta. What we provided these children looked like some mass of dough. It was just these basic grains mixed with water and a little sugar. They ate it like they were on a trip to Baskin-Robbins. It was the biggest treat of their lives. But before they ate the food from the United States, an interesting thing occurred. The person who was supervising the feeding of these small children in this nutrition center asked the children to pause for a moment and bow their heads and say a Hindu prayer of thanks to the United States for sending this grain.  Does it make a difference? Would it make a difference in Libya, or in North Korea, for children and their parents to know that the people of the United States were involved in either humanitarian aid or the sale of food? I think it does. I think it says something about us as a Nation.  Look at the situation in North Korea. The Senator from Kansas has been there. I have not. But it had to be absolutely frightening to see that sort of deprivation and famine in that struggle to survive.  The Senator from Connecticut is telling us in this amendment that the United States should establish standards when we push for our political policies which define us to the world. I believe, as he does, that the export of food and medicine should be above the political agenda. We are talking about the survival of children, of pregnant women, and of their families. As much as we may abhor that form of government that rules over those families, we should never be in a position where the United States has denied its bounty, its excess, to those who are in need.  As I have traveled, I have noticed the need for medicine in some countries around the world. Even those that have been liberated from the Soviet Union--now new democracies--really have medical care which is at the lowest level. Many times the basic medicines which we have in such great supply in the United States could make a world of difference in terms of disease like cholera, diphtheria, and other problems that children suffer from around the world. And so I think what the amendment seeks to do is to say that we will not deny to the children, in a country led by some dictator whom we mightdisagree with, the basic protection of medicine.  This amendment really speaks to our values. This amendment draws a line in defining America to the world. This amendment says that we will not show our hatred at the expense of innocent children. This amendment says that when we apply unilateral economic sanctions, we have enough muscle in so many other areas to make our political point that we need not take it out on the most helpless in countries around the world.  I am happy to stand in support of this amendment.  I thank the Chair.  