President, I rise today to pay tribute to the Chicago Board of Trade, the most influential marketplace for futures trading in the world, on the 150th anniversary of its establishment. I am pleased to join my colleague, Senator Carol Moseley-Braun, in introducing a resolution commemorating this momentous occasion.  On April 3, 1848, 83 merchants who realized that the grain trade was growing rapidly, came together to form a marketplace for grains and livestock. Thus, the world's largest futures and options trading facility was born, bringing buyers and sellers from all walks of life together under one roof for the first time.  With the birth of the Chicago Board of Trade came a financial industry which has spread around the world over the last 150 years. The Chicago Board of Trade has been a vital part of Chicago since the first railroad, telegraph lines, and the digging of the Illinois and Michigan Canal. The Board has weathered through a Civil War, the great Chicago fire, The Great Depression, World War I and II, and countless other struggles.  The Chicago Board of Trade is a powerful economic engine that generates 150,000 jobs throughout the Chicagoland area and also produces $35 billion in bank deposits each year. Over the years, the Chicago Board of Trade has grown beyond grain and livestock, and has branched out into soybean futures, corn options, and wheat options. Last year, the Chicago Board of Trade set the record for the trading of soybean futures traded. The Chicago Board of Trade also established records for the trading soybean meal, and soybean oil.  Mr. President, it has been a long time since the days when prices were shouted through a cloud of dust on the floor of the Chicago Board of Trade. The Board has relocated several times throughout its 150 years. Currently, the Board is located in downtown Chicago. The base of the building spans an entire city block, and is a Chicago landmark.  Mr. President, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate the Chicago Board of Trade on 150 years of bringing economic vitality to Chicago, the State of Illinois, and the world.  Mr. McCAIN. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution and preamble be agreed to, en bloc, and the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and any statements relating thereto be placed in the Record at the appropriate place as if read.  