 For those who missed a few innings and would like to know what the score is, what happened, the Senator from California offered an amendment which requires a trigger lock be sold with each handgun in America. And she does a few things procedurally so we are going to have an up-or-down vote. And, of course, there are people who do not want to vote on that. They are afraid of--well, let us not say that. There are people who disagree with her. There are people who don't want to vote on it.  The Senator from Idaho, who openly opposes her amendment, comes in with what he considers to be a substitute amendment. That is what we are debating now. The good part is, when it is all over, we get to vote on both of them: The proposal of the Senator from Idaho, which I have in my hand, that he just described, and then the proposal of the Senator from California, which says, ``Sell a handgun in America, sell with it a trigger lock.''  Originally, the Senator from California and I thought: No harm, no foul; we will take the Craig amendment and get a vote on her important trigger lock amendment. And then we took a closer look. Do you know what this says? This says to comply with the law in America, a federally licensed firearm dealer must have available on the premises for sale a trigger lock or safety device--available on the premises.  Then it has some words, some escape-hatch words in there that says, ``unless it is tough for you to buy them.'' If you cannot get them on the market, and such, then you do not have to have them on the premises. Do you have to sell them with the handguns? No; you just have to have them on the premises. I have to tell you, quite frankly, most of them probably have them on the premises now, but if people aren't buying them, then there is no safety aspect to this. We aren't protecting anybody.  So what it boils down to is, we are putting a requirement in the law that really does nothing. Then there is an interesting provision in here--and I do not know why the Senator from Idaho included it--but I might call him to reference page 4 of his amendment, section (2). It says, incidentally, if the federally licensed firearm dealer does not live up to the requirements of this law and keep trigger locks on the premises for sale, and you find evidence of that and want to use it against him to remove his license--guess what?--under section (2) you can't--you can't. ``Notwithstanding any other provision of law, [any] evidence regarding compliance or noncompliance with the amendments . . . [none of it is] admissible as evidence in [the court or any agency.]''  