President, I thank the Senator from Alaska for his generosity. I will conclude at 8 o'clock, as we promised, and ask for a vote on this. Allow me to try to describe what is at stake, because for everybody in the gallery and those listening to the debate, this could hit home some day. It is a question about when or if the United States should ever go to war, who will make the decision. If you were called on, or one of your children was, who will decide whether or not that person will stand in harm's way, risk their lives for their country?  I have the deepest respect and admiration for those who serve in the armed services. They have given up their lives to protect this Nation and we owe them a great debt of gratitude. What we are talking about is how this decision is made. The men who wrote this Constitution understood very clearly that if they were going to have a voice in the process, they would have to rely on the Senators and Members of Congress to make that decision on the declaration of war.  This amendment is very brief. By Senate standards, it is amazingly brief--just a few lines. But it states very clearly what I think is an important constitutional concept. First, the President of the United States as Commander in Chief of all of our Armed Forces still retains all of his power and authority to defend the United States and its citizens. He does not have to come to Congress on bended knee and beg for that authority. It is his; he is Commander in Chief. But when he crosses that line and no longer is defending us, but rather is pushing forward in an offensive capacity, saying that we are now going to invade a nation, we are now going to try to secure a certain objective or target, beyond a defensive objective, then the Constitution is clear: That is not his decision to make; it is our decision to make. Better yet, it is your decision to make--to speak to your elected Representatives in the House and Senate and to express your heartfelt feelings.  I can recall the debate over the Persian Gulf war. There was quite a division within the military, and evenwithin Congress. But I don't think there was a finer moment in the 16 years I have served on Capitol Hill than that period of time when each Member of the U.S. Senate and the House came to the floor and took all the time necessary to speak their hearts about whether or not we should put our children in harm's way to stop this aggression by Saddam Hussein.  I can speak for myself--and I am sure for many colleagues, Republicans and Democrats alike--there were sleepless nights when you knew that a vote to go forward and commit our troops in an offensive capacity was going to lead to the loss of life. It was a painful decision, but it is one that I accepted, and everybody as a Member of the House and Senate accepted as well.  I say to my colleagues in the U.S. Senate, who I hope are following this debate, that this is about whether or not the oath of office that we took is meaningful. When we swore to uphold the Constitution of the United States, I don't believe they asked us to turn to Article I, section 8 and make an amendment to take it out. No, it was included. It was part of that responsibility--an awesome responsibility.  My friend, the Senator from Alaska, has raised a procedural point. He says that this is beyond the scope of an appropriation or a spending bill. I disagree with his conclusion on that. I have seen what is considered authorizing language and much more expansive language easily adopted on the floor of the Senate and in the House time and time again. So I hope that those who vote on the amendment will vote on it on all fours, straightforward, up or down; do you agree or disagree? Do you agree with our Constitution, which says this is our responsibility in Congress to declare war? Or are you prepared to accept the drift that has gone on for half a century now, which says we will continue to give more and more power to the President to make this decision?  If you should decide this is the President's province and we are going to cede all of our constitutional authority, mark my words, you should think twice before you come to the floor of the Senate--or our colleagues in the House--and question when the President uses this authority, because if you are not prepared to say that we accept our responsibility under the Constitution, that we will stand up and decide and vote when it comes to putting our troops in harm's way, then I think you may have forsworn any opportunity to come to this floor and second-guess the President--a President who uses the power that we have handed to him.  As I have said in previous moments in this debate, there is no sadder moment than going home to your State or district and facing a casket, draped with a flag, of a fallen soldier, sailor, airman or marine and then facing that family. I believe that it is our constitutional responsibility to be part of the decisionmaking that leads to military action. It will not be an easy task. It will be a tough burden, but it is exactly why we have stood for office and why we have asked to represent our States.  I hope my colleagues in the U.S. Senate will support this amendment. I believe this is straightforward and honest in its approach. I believe that as you consider the possibilities just in the weeks ahead--perhaps even while we are gone over the August recess--that there may be an effort in the Bosnian region, in Kosovo or some other place, to assert and take offensive military action. Those who have voted against this amendment tonight will not be able to say the President should have called on us first, because that is what this amendment says. This amendment says anywhere in the world where the President wants to take offensive military action--not to defend the property and the persons of America, but offensive military action--he is bound by the Constitution of the United States.  Mr. President, I believe my time has expired. I yield the remainder of my time.  