President, I rise today to suggest that we should not be rushing to consider a bill that may do far more than ban human cloning permanently. The Lott-Bond cloning bill was only introduced last Tuesday and has been available for review for a very short period of time. The identical bill that was introduced by Senator Bond was referred to the Judiciary Committee and yet we have had no Judiciary committee hearings on this topic to examine exactly what this bill does. Is the bill really written to accomplish its goal of banning the duplication of humans via this new technology? Or does it go much further than its stated goal? I don't think that many of us here on the floor of the Senate (myself included) are well equipped to make that determination without hearing from experts in the field including scientists, bioethicists, theologians and others qualified to give us advice on this very important matter.  It is also not clear as to why we are rushing to consider this bill given that the FDA has already announced that it has authority over this area. In fact I have a letter here in my hand from the FDA that explains that before any human cloning would be allowed to proceed, FDA would need proof that the technology was safe. FDA will prohibit any sponsor of a clinical study from developing this technology if ``it is likely to expose human subjects to unreasonable and significant risk of illness or injury'' or ``the clinical investigator was not qualified by reason of their scientific training and experience to conduct the investigation.'' The letter goes on to say that ``In the case of attempts to create a human being using cloning technology, there are major unresolved safety questions. Until those questions are appropriately addressed, the Agency would not permit any such investigation to proceed.''  The National Bioethics Advisory Committee recommended a five year moratorium on the use of this technology to create a human being. Due to the time limit that they were under, the committee was unable to focus on the issues beyond safety. They concluded that, at this time, the technology was unsafe for use for the purpose of cloning a human being. They did not address the many ethical issues involved with the use of this technology. The committee believed that these issues were too complex to be dealt with in such a short period oftime. Therefore, it is still necessary to allow time for discussion about the ethical use or need for a specific ban on the use of this technology.  To date, we have excluded Patient groups, physicians, scientists and other interested parties from the discussion of how this particular bill should be drafted. Yet it is these very patients whose future hope for cures may be cut off by a bill if it is improperly drafted.  I find it extremely troubling that we are rushing to consider a bill that every patient advocacy group, doctor, or scientist that has contacted my office has either urged us not to pass or has asked us to consider in a more deliberative manner. Organizations such as: The American Heart Association, the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation International, the American Association for Cancer Research, the American Society for Human Genetics, the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology, the Association of American Medical Colleges, the American Pediatric Society, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, the National Osteoporosis Foundation, the Parkinson's Action Network, the AIDS Action Council, the American Academy of Pediatrics and 27 Science Nobel Laureates. These organizations and individuals are dedicated to finding cures for diseases. They are not advocates for unethical research. They are mainstream organizations committed to finding cures for such diseases as heart disease, strokes, spinal cord injuries, birth defects, asthma, diabetes, cancer, osteoporosis. These are diseases that afflict millions of Americans. Biomedical research may be some patients with these illnesses only hope.  For some, new technologies as yet undeveloped may be their only hope. For instance, some of my colleagues may have heard the story of Travis Roy. Travis is now a 21 yr old college student at Boston University. Travis grew up in Maine and was an avid ice hockey player. Unfortunately for Travis during his first collegiate hockey game 3 years ago, 11 seconds in to the game, he collided with the wall and suffered a spinal chord injury that has left him paralyzed with only a small amount of movement in his right hand. Travis has written a book about his experiences and his fight for recovery. For people like Travis that have had their spinal chords severely injured they look to new research that might help them regenerate their damaged tissue. As Travis so agonizingly stated recently: ``All I want to be able to do is to hug my mother.''  Researchers hope that they may be able to generate what are known as ``stem cells,'' that is cells that can give rise to lots of other cells, using the technology that the Lott-Bond cloning bill seeks to ban. With continuing research, those cells might be used to repair injured spinal cords or damaged livers or kidneys or hearts.  Stem cell research could provide: cardiac muscle cells to treat heart attack victims and degenerative heart disease; skin cells to treat burn victims; neural cells for treating those suffering from neurodegenerative diseases; blood cells to treat cancer anemia and immunodeficiencies; neural cells to treat Parkinson's Huntington's and ALS. The generation of stem cell lines using an unfertilized egg as a host is far removed from the act of creating embryos for research or creating a fetus for organ parts. In fact, it is the exact opposite giving an avenue for therapies that involve the culturing of single cells from adult cells. Some of these therapies would actually result in fetal tissue no longer being necessary for the treatment of many neurodegenerative diseases. Others might give hope to parents that conceive children that have genetic diseases, so that they are not faced with the agonizing choice between terminating a pregnancy or giving birth to a severely disabled child.  I think that many of us do not really know what the full scope for this technology really is. It is possible that this technology may be used in a life enhancing, life promoting manner.  We should have a full hearings process with opportunities to hear from specialists in medical genetics, researchers at NIH and other institutions. We should listen to what the medical community has to say on treatment options. We should also hear from patient advocacy groups and all others that may have expertise in this area or be affected by the legislation at hand. Likewise, the area of assistive reproductive technology has become incredibly complex and we should listen to bioethicists and religious leaders and their opinions which we surely value. Again, I wonder why we are rushing here. What about the committee hearing process is the Republican leadership afraid of that?  Some may argue that the announcement by the Chicago Physicist, Richard Seed of his intention to start cloning necessitates a rapid response. However, Dr. Seed has no training in medical procedures nor in biology. He does not have a lab for this purpose. He does not have the venture capital and in fact his home was recently foreclosed by the Bank. Thus to suggest that he will be cloning anything soon, seems outlandish at best. By the FDA's stated criteria of an investigator needing to demonstrate expertise, Dr. Seed would clearly fail and thus would be prohibited by FDA from proceeding.  One person's far-fetched claims should not propel us into passing legislation that has not been adequately reviewed. As J. Benjamin Younger, Executive Director of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine has said: ``We must work together to ensure that in our effort to make human cloning illegal, we do not sentence millions of people to needless suffering because research and progress into their illness cannot proceed.''  