President, I would like to take a moment to explain my absence during vote number 159 last night. I was returning to Washington from Chicago when the airplane I was on was delayed by weather problems. While the vote was going on, the plane was in the air over the Washington area as we waited for the airport to reopen so that we could land.  Had I been present, I would have voted `nay' on the motion to table the Reed amendment to the tobacco bill. I am a cosponsor of the Reed amendment and I believe it should be part of the final tobacco legislation.  The tobacco industry has been targeting kids with its advertisements and marketing gimmicks for far too long. The tobacco bill would re-promulgate the FDA's regulations, currently on hold, that seek to restrict tobacco advertising and marketing that appeals to children.  The Reed amendment adds new teeth to the restrictions by linking each tobacco company's tax deduction for advertising expenses to its compliancewith the regulations. As long as a tobacco company obeys the law and complies with the FDA regulations, the company can continue to deduct its expenses for permissible advertising. But, under the Reed amendment, if a tobacco company violates these restrictions, the company's privilege of deducting its advertising expenses for tax purposes would be lifted for all of its advertising expenses for the year in which the violation occurred.  This amendment, as with the look-back amendment, is about accountability. If a tobacco company decides to try to skirt the FDA regulations, to keep advertising or marketing in ways that appeal to children, that company will face not just a regulatory action by the loss of its advertising deduction. With this amendment, taxpayers will no longer help foot the advertising bill for companies that continue to market to children. Tobacco companies will no longer get a tax break for advertising expenses if any of the company's advertising violates the FDA's regulations for protecting children.  It's a simple amendment with a simple point. Its message is that we are serious when we say to the tobacco companies: no more advertising to children. This amendment deserves the support of the Senate.  Mr. McCAIN addressed the Chair.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Hutchinson). The Senator from Arizona.  Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, the Senator from Kentucky has been waiting very patiently to propose his amendment. I just want to sum up what we just passed here, and I think it is very important.  We passed limits on attorneys' fees of $4,000 per hour for actions filed before 12-31-94; $2,000 per hour for actions filed between 12-31-94 and 4-1-97; $1,000 per hour for actions filed between 4-1-97 and 6-15-98; and $500 per hour for actions filed after 6-15-98.  Before the Senator from Washington leaves the floor, I would like to thank him for his amendment. I thank him for his persuasive arguments in a very close vote. Obviously, it was the effort of the Senator from Washington that tilted the vote in favor of this amendment, albeit by one vote. So I express my appreciation to the Senator from Washington.  Mr. President, I just go on to say, it does not apply to any fees paid to attorneys that are defending tobacco companies. It does not apply to any fees actually remitted and received by an attorney before 6-15-98, nor to reimbursement of actual out-of-pocket expenses approved by a court in such actions.  It applies to all actions brought on behalf of a State or political subdivision, the Castano civil actions, and all tobacco actions brought on behalf of private litigants that are settled or ``finally resolved'' after June 15, 1998.  It directs the courts to consider the following factors in determining an attorney's fee as: likelihood of success; time and labor invested; expenses incurred; novelty of the legal issues involved; skill required to prosecute the action; and results obtained.  It permits the tobacco companies to petition to reduce fees that they had already agreed to pay to plaintiffs' attorneys in the States that have already settled.  Mr. President, I think it is an important amendment. I do believe that my friend from Massachusetts would agree with me that really it is as outstanding as the agricultural issue, the farmers issue.  We can go through iterations--and there are maybe hundreds of amendments filed--but except for the agriculture issue, we have pretty well resolved the outstanding issues that are associated with this legislation. And I would like to first express optimism that we can address that issue. I still hope we can reach a compromise between the two--the LEAF Act and the so-called Lugar Act. But in addition to that, I believe that we can invoke cloture and dispense with this bill this week.  I thank my colleagues for their cooperation, and I yield the floor.  