President, I want to thank Chairman Cochran and Senator Bumpers for accepting the amendment I offered to ban egg repackaging as part of the Agriculture Appropriations Bill. This amendment is a first step in continuing to ensure the safety of the nation's egg supply.  On April 17, 1998, the Secretary of Agriculture announced a prohibition on the repackaging of eggs packed under the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) voluntary grading program. This amendment codifies Secretary Glickman's prohibition which took effect on April 27, and affects eggs packed in cartons that bear the USDA grade shield.  A recent ``Dateline NBC'' program focused public attention on the repackaging of shell eggs by egg packers, and raised concerns about this practice. This amendment will prohibit shell eggs that have left the packing plant, and been shipped for sale, from being returned to the packing plant for repackaging into USDA shielded cartons. This amendment affects the approximately 30% of shell eggs voluntarily graded by USDA.  The amendment also directs that not later than 90 days after the date of its enactment, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall jointly submit a status report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. This report is intended to provide the status of actions taken to enhance the safety of shell eggs and egg products. The report also will provide the status of the prohibition on the repackaging of USDA graded eggs, and provide an assessment of the feasibility and desirability of applying to all shell eggs, not just USDA graded eggs, the prohibition on repackaging in order to enhance food safety, consumer information, and consumer awareness.  The safety of our egg supply is a primary example of the confusing array of laws, regulations, and voluntary programs which divides regulation among four federal agencies and the states. The legislation I have introduced with Senator Torricelli--The Safe Food Act (S.1465)--focuses attention on the problems of having multiple federal agencies with jurisdiction over various food safety laws, and how fragmentation and duplication cause waste and confusion. Jurisdiction over eggs is a good example of how confusion, overlap, and the lack of coordination leave the American public subject to food poisoning outbreaks.  The health of American families is at risk if we do not work to ensure that only safe eggs reach America's store shelves. USDA recently reported that each year over 660,000 persons in the United States become sick from eating eggs contaminated with Salmonella enteritidis (SE). Illnesses from SE can be fatal to the elderly, children, and those with weakened immune systems. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the SE bacteria caused more reported deaths between 1988 and 1992 than any other foodborne pathogen. The Center for Science in the Public Interest estimated an annual cost of illness from SE at $118 million to $767 million.  Make no mistake, our country has been blessed with the safest and most abundant food supply in the world. However, we can do better. This amendment to ban egg repackaging will help advance the federal government's commitment to continue providing Americans with the safest food supply.  