President, I thank the Senator for raising this issue. I hope that we put it in context. This is an important procedure that Senators Feinstein and D'Amato bring to the floor. It addresses the issue of mastectomy. It makes certain that women and families have peace of mind when they face that procedure. I don't think there is going to be any opposition to that bill, and there should not be.  The Senator from South Dakota makes a point--and I think we should make the point--that in this debate there are many other potential injustices, and injustices in the health care system. One should consider the fact that most Americans say, first and foremost, they want to choose their own doctors, and many women say, ``I want to be able to make certain during the course of my pregnancy that I have a doctor, an obstetrician who I can be confident in, and one who will give me advice every time I come in for a visit.'' There are families who worry that when their children are brought into a doctor's office, they will be referred to the right specialist, the one best for that child. They don't want that decision being made by an insurance company. They want it being made by a doctor.  The irony here is that we are saying doctors should make that decision. These doctors who have been chosen by the insurance companies to be part of their plans should be trusted, and their judgment should be trusted. What the Senator from South Dakota is saying is, let's move forward on the Feinstein bill, on this important mastectomy protection; but let's extend this protection to so many other Americans and families and women in other circumstances who are being disadvantaged by insurance companies and HMOs that are unresponsive to families and their needs.  I think the Senator from South Dakota puts a challenge to the Senate today. Will we do one small, but important, part? Or will we take a look at the whole picture and make certain that we can return home after this session with the kind of legislation that the American people will support? I hope the Republicans will join us. This ought to be bipartisan. What is the controversy here when we say patients and their families should come first, and protecting the patients when it comes to important medical decisions?  I thank the Senator from South Dakota. I hope we can get the assurance from the Republican leadership today that we will not only consider the Feinstein-D'Amato bill, but also the patient protection that Senators Daschle and Kennedy will offer.  