President, I rise today to express my support for the Disadvantaged Business Enterprise (DBE) program and my opposition to any attempt to weaken or eliminate the program. Under the DBE program federal transportation trust funds from user fees are distributed by the Department of Transportation (DoT) through state DoTs and state and local mass transit agencies. These agencies are required to establish a 10 percent goal for the trust funds they receive, but are afforded tremendous flexibility in reaching those goals. If a state agency or prime contractor is unable to find enough qualified subcontractors to perform the work, they are allowed to apply for a waiver or lower goal. In short, the DBE program does not establish a quota nor a set-aside program.  The opponents of the DBE program argue that this sort of flexible, constitutional affirmative action flies in the face of the American people's disagreement with affirmative action. This is simply not true. A Wall Street Journal poll published in November of last year found that 48 percent of Americans favor affirmative action and only 43 percent oppose. In addition, the voters in Houston last year rejected a Proposition 209-like initiative by 55 to 45 percent, thus, demonstrating the people's commitment to affirmative action.  Moreover, since the opponents of affirmative action often offer no alternative other than the promise of a society free from all prejudice against women and minorities, they must implicitly believe that discrimination no longer exists in this country. Either that, or they are not concerned that there are still very real disparities between the races and genders. Both alternatives are troubling.  The reality of these disparities is still disturbing. In a recent Urban Institute study identical black and white college students posed as test subjects in an experiment designed to measure the extent of racial discrimination in employment. The subjects were identical in dress, had the same resumes, and had scripted presentations. The only variable was race. Whites received job offers 41 percent more often than blacks. For those who received job offers, the wages whites were offered were 17 percent higher than the wages offered to blacks.  Another recent study conducted by the Glass Ceiling Commission found that 96 percent of the senior managers of the Fortune 1000 Industrials and the Fortune 500 Companies are male; 97 percent are white; 0.6 percent (that is, less than one percent) are black; 0.4 percent are Latino; and 0.3 percent are Asian.  Sadly, I am concerned that the arguments waged against the DBE program are not truly criticisms of the program but are merely thinly veiled attacks on civil rights itself. Although I respect the DBE program opponents' right to disagree on these issues, I find it disturbing that the underlying theme of their arguments against the program boil down to this: ``Minorities and women may have been discriminated against in the past--they may even still be discriminated against today--but we, the majority, are no longer going to provide remedial efforts to counteract this discrimination. Enough is enough.''  This sentiment runs counter to this country's dedication to civil rights and humanitarianism. To preserve our civil rights and to earn equal rights for all we must acknowledge the disappointing reality that we have not yet achieved a color or gender blind society. By attacking the DBE program, the opponents of the program are also dismantling the steps of progress we have made toward a nation we all want--a nation where there will be no reason to debate civil rights and where color and gender are not determinative of opportunity.  