 If the Members of the U.S. Senate serving in the 2d session of the 105th Congress were charged in court with having passed meaningful legislation to help America, I am afraid there is not enough evidence to convict us, because if you look at what we have been about over the last several months, with the exception of renaming Washington National Airport, we have little to show for the time we have spent in Washington and only 10 weeks to go.  The Senator is so correct, the President, in his State of the Union Address, challenged this Congress, leaders on both sides of the aisle, to address the issues America really cares about: Saving Social Security, campaign finance reform, tobacco legislation, education, child care, doing the things that American families would really applaud, responding to their needs.  Yet, we stand here today in the first week of July and we hear, again, an effort by the majority leader to not only stop the train in an effort to stop legislation moving forward, but to stop the debate in what is supposed to be the world's greatest deliberative body.  It is a disappointment to me, and I think to a lot of people who are following this session of the U.S. Senate, that we are back here this week and not about the business that people really care about across America.  I stand in support of what our leader, Senator Daschle, said, that it is a deprivation of our responsibility as U.S. Senators representing States across this country and as representing families who expect us to respond to these needs, when you think of the opportunities we have already missed--the campaign finance reform bill killed on the floor of the Senate by the Republican leadership, and then we turned around with an opportunity to protect millions of our children from tobacco addiction, killed on the floor of the U.S. Senate by the Republican leadership time and time again.  Here is an effort by the Democrats to bring out legislation to protect families and patients who go to their doctors wanting the very best in medical care and find themselves twisted in knots by the insurance industry and, once again, efforts on the Republican side to stop us.  I am afraid that when all is said and done this will turn out to be one of the worst Congresses in this century in terms of its productivity. And if we are to be measured by our productivity, I am not sure that many Senators can collect their paychecks and talk about their pensions based on what we have been able to do or failed to do in the last few months.  