There is one amendment which the Senator from Massachusetts, Senator Kennedy, would like to offer relative to the minimum wage which does not relate directly to this bill, but there has been an agreement that he will have that opportunity. I think he will be here within an hour, and we can discuss exactly when that amendment might come up.  I just say, as I have said before on the floor, it has been a pleasure to work with Senator Grassley and his staff. I think the way that we resolved over 30 amendments on this might be a good way to legislate. Because literally Senator Grassley and I, with our able staff members, and people from the administration, sat in a room and worked through some 30 different amendments.  We now have pending about a dozen that were unresolved that we think should be the subject of floor votes. Once those have been voted on, we are prepared, I hope, with a good work product to move forward, to pass a bill, and move to conference to consider a very complicated and complex area of the law but one so critically important to over a million Americans each year who file for bankruptcy in the United States.  We want to make certain that we keep those bankruptcy courts available for those who have truly reached the end of the rope and have absolutely nowhere to turn; and that, I think, describes the vast majority of people who come to the bankruptcy court. But we also hope to tighten the procedures to eliminate those abuses, petitioners who come to court who should not, those who were in court and engaged in tactics that, frankly, we do not think should be acceptable.  We are also going to try to address in the course of the amendments to this bill questions relative to the whole offering of credit cards to Americans. I think virtually everyone here today can tell me that when they go home tonight and open up the mail, they are going to find another credit card solicitation--I see heads nodding in the gallery--if you are a normal American. And I am sure they are nodding at home as well.  We want to make sure that the credit that is offered in America is credit available to everyone. The democratization of credit in this country has been a positive thing. But we also want to say to those who offer credit: Do it in a responsible way. Be honest in terms of describing the credit arrangement that you are seeking. Be certain that the people you are dealing with are truly capable of incurring more debt and can get involved in this process with a clear understanding of their obligation. Make your monthly statements intelligible so people who pay a minimum monthly amount have some idea when it might come to an end. Disclose some peculiarities of credit. Am I taking a security interest every time I use my credit card--for the toaster I just purchased? All of these things, I think, are relevant and will be raised during the course of this.  One of the Senators is going to offer an amendment which basically says we can declare ``time out.'' If we are tired of credit card solicitations, we ought to be able to call a number and tell them to cease and desist, stop bothering us with all these solicitations. I think there is a right in America to be left alone. One of the amendments that will be offered will address that particular issue.  I thank the Senator from Iowa. I am going to make some phone calls and encourage our colleagues to come to the floor quickly.  