President, I rise to address this piece of legislation which is being talked about on the floor. Millions of people come to Washington, DC, every year to see the sights of Washington. One of the most impressive is a trip to the Archives. Go to the Archives and see the glass cases. In those cases you will find the Constitution of the United States in its original form and the Declaration of Independence. Schoolchildren remember that for a lifetime. They have seen a document that is historic.  I might say to my colleagues in the Senate, I have just seen a document that is historic. Not 50 feet away from where I stand, in room 224, sits a document of 4,000 pages; some 25 pounds of paper that comprise this omnibus legislation we are talking about, a measure rarely seen by anyone.  Is it important? A third of the Federal budget is in that document in that room, and most of the Members of the Senate, aside from a glance walking through, will not see anything else in the document. If we are quizzed as to what is in the measure, we are hoping that our staff or someone else has read it because, frankly, we have not.  How did we get in this predicament? How are we here, on October 20, at the tail end of a misspent life, wondering why this Senate and this Congress were so unproductive during the 105th Congress? Some want to blame the President. But I remind those who do to take a look at the Constitution, because the Constitution has established three branches of Government, each with a responsibility. In this case, our responsibility was, on April 15, to pass a budget resolution, a resolution which was to be basically a blueprint for all spending by the Appropriations Committee.  I see the Senator from Alaska, the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, here. I have served on the House Appropriations Committee, and I know that budget resolution is your guide, your roadmap, for determining how much each department can be given in money. Does the President write the budget resolution? No. It is passed by the House, then the Senate. It is enacted by them as a resolution and not a law. The President doesn't even sign it.  What happened this year? We never passed a budget resolution. For the first time in 25 years we failed to pass a budget resolution. Was it the President's fault? Not at all. It was the fault of the House and the Senate. You see, the Senate passed its version of the budget resolution. When it went over to the House, they said, ``We think the surplus is so invigorating we want to give away $800 billion in tax cuts.'' Luckily, some Republican Senators--Democrats as well--said that is irresponsible and stopped it in its tracks, and that was the end of the discussion.  Then everything started piling up. We did not pass a budget resolution. We did not pass seven appropriations bills. In fact, you would need a bloodhound and a flashlight to find anything that we have done in the past year that we have been in session--with the exception of renaming Washington National Airport after President Reagan.  Here we are, 3 weeks into this new fiscal year, without a budget resolution trying to play catchup. We are fearful of another Government shutdown, because Congress has failed to meet its responsibility, and we are moving to try, in one vote in the House today and the Senate tomorrow, to correct the mistakes of a year with one bill: 4,000 pages, 25 pounds of documentation.  This Congress has failed to pass campaign finance reform, a bipartisan measure supported by the President--killed on the floor of the U.S. Senate. This Congress has failed to pass any effort to stop the tobacco companies from luring our children into addiction--another bipartisan effort, killed on the floor of the Senate. This Congress has failed to pass a Patients' Bill of Rights, reform of managed care so that all of us as patients have some rights to quality care when we go to see a doctor or to a hospital--killed on the floor of the Senate. We have failed to do anything to preserve the Social Security system beyond the year 2030, even though we have the wherewithal in this surplus to start speaking in specific terms about doing that. We have failed to pass the legislation proposed by my colleague, Senator Carol Moseley-Braun of Illinois, to invest in 5,000 new and repaired schools across America to try to address the onslaught of children who will be coming into school, increasing the school population of our Nation and making certain that current schools have the technology to be able to teach our children as they should. We did not address that, either.  Literally in the closing days of negotiations, President Clinton came to the negotiators, to the Republican leaders, and said: This Congress will not leave town without doing at least one thing, one thing for education, but an important thing--reducing, on a nationwide basis, class size in grades kindergarten through 3 to no more than 18 students in a classroom. That is what the 100,000 teachers are about, so we have enough teachers so kids have the kind of attention they need at the earliest time in their educational development.  I happen to think that is one of the most important things we could do in our Nation. My wife and I raised three children. We are watching a little grandson grow up right now. You come to realize what early childhood development means. The biggest growth industry in America today is the construction of prisons. How many of those prisoners might have had a different life if they got off to a better start?  That better start could have been a better classroom experience, a better education.  When I asked the warden of a prison in Illinois recently about how many of the inmates there came to prison even close to any level of competency in education, he said fewer than half. Most people who show up in prison have little or no educational skills. It is part of their frustration. I won't make that as an excuse for committing a crime, but certainly you can understand the frustration and waste involved when we don't use education well.  President Clinton said to the negotiators, ``You won't leave town, you won't put together this bill unless and until you include at least one initiative for education in America.'' He pushed hard for it. He achieved it.  I am happy there is more money for Head Start. That is an excellent investment.  There is more money as well for the National Institutes of Health. On a bipartisan basis, we are increasing medical research by 14 percent--a smart thing to do.  The health insurance deduction for the self-employed is accelerated so they can be treated fairly, so small businesses and farmers get a fair share.  And there is agriculture relief which, to those of us in the Midwest, means a lot. In Illinois, the Dakotas, Minnesota, all across the Midwest, we face a crisis. Luckily, with the President's leadership, we increase the money in this bill to take care of it.  There are other things as well--food safety initiatives, which I support, and funding the IMF.  But there are things we failed to do. Can you believe we are still in a deadbeat status, the United States of America, when it comes to paying our United Nations dues? We were a few million dollars away from being disqualified in voting in the Security Council because we continue to stiff the United Nations year after year after year, an agency which we turn to, as President Bush did with the Persian Gulf war, as we do on a frequent basis, to try to promote peace in the world and to promote the goals of our foreign policy.  This Congress refuses to pay our dues. It is an embarrassment. We are a nation which calls on the world to meet its moral responsibilities, and yet we don't meet our moral responsibility in paying these dues. That is a disgrace, as far as I am concerned.  There are going to be things in this 4,000-page bill--I just learned of one. My friend, Senator Barbara Boxer, got on the floor with me--and Senator Wellstone remembers the debate --and we talked about all the oil companies drilling for oil on publicly owned land, land owned by the taxpayers, and refusing to pay us a fair rental based on the cost of the oil.  We basically said to the Department of the Interior: Adjust that rate; make sure the taxpayers don't get cheated on this oil.  Guess what? A provision in this 4,000-page bill will cost the taxpayers 60 million bucks a year so these oil companies can continue to drill on our land that we own as a nation and refuse to pay a fair amount for drilling for that oil. Sound like welfare to anybody? Sounds like welfare to me, and it is in this bill. It is corporate welfare for a handful of the biggest oil companies, and it is shameful.  There are people who take the television stage and go on the shows and talk about, Where is the sense of outrage in America? Good question. They want to address that question as to oneperson. I want to address it as to one bill of 4,000 pages. There should be a sense of outrage that this bill was promulgated in darkness, behind closed doors that literally no one has read, that includes gifts like the $60-million-a-year gift to the oil industry, and God knows what else. And here we are.  I said to the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, ``If we don't need a budget resolution, why do we need a Budget Committee?'' Maybe we can start by saving money in the 106th Congress by eliminating the Budget Committee. We didn't need it this year because whatever we did certainly wasn't useful. It didn't produce a budget resolution which was so important for all of us.  There are provisions in here as well that touch people where they live: the whole question, for example, of home health care interim payments. There is a lot of concern, because so many seniors and disabled people rely on home health care. The current system needs to be changed. I will tell you, the so-called ``fix'' in this bill is no fix at all. We will have to revisit it. It is another failure of the 105th Congress, and that is troublesome to me and, I hope, to a lot of others.  Then, of course, we have this doomsday scenario in the bill which cuts off the spending for the Commerce Department, the State Department, the Justice Department and the judicial branch of Government as of June 15 of next year. So even with the 4,000-page bill, we are not appropriating enough money to fund those agencies for a year.  We are postponing, again, facing the reality of what needs to be done in this Nation. All of us who are elected to the House and Senate are entrusted with the responsibility to enforce and live by the Constitution and to meet the obligations of this country. This 105th Congress has failed to do that. The fact that we are even here on October 20, the fact that we are considering this mystery bill of 4,000 pages, still unread by most, the fact that we don't know what is included, we don't know what favors have been given to special interest groups or individuals and the fact that we are going to vote on this almost blindly within the next 24 hours is testimony to the fact that this Congress has accomplished little or nothing.  When the American people are asked, What did this Congress do this year, what did it achieve? they are at a loss for words.  