President, I rise today to pay tribute to a spectacular team that has propelled itself into the upper echelon of basketball history, the Chicago Bulls. Add a new name to the history books of the National Basketball Association; the Boston Celtics of the 1960s, the Los Angeles Lakers of the 1980s, and undeniably, the Chicago Bulls of the 1990s.  On Sunday, as I watched Game Six with basketball fans and Bulls followers around the world, I was privileged to witness another incredible performance by Michael Jordan and the entire Bulls team. For the sixth time in eight years, in a victory for the ages, the Chicago Bulls are the champions of the National Basketball Association. It is with great honor, pleasure, and pride that I salute and congratulate the entire Chicago Bulls organization.  As a columnist for the Chicago Sun-Times noted, ``We live in the right city at the right time.'' It is simple yet so true. No other team in any sport has been able to show the dominance and consistency that the Bulls have shown. The people of Chicago and Illinois have a special source of pride in the Chicago Bulls and especially in Michael Jordan. This wonderful championship and the five spectacular ones before it are all keepsakes in the hearts and minds of Chicagoans. I know personally that days, weeks, and years from now I will be recounting where I was when the Bulls achieved the ``Six-Pack,'' and I will be doing it with great pride. My grandson Alex, who recently turned two years old, is not quite old enough to realize what the Bulls have accomplished. But make no mistake about it, in the years to come I know he will have a proud grandfather recounting the almost mythical tales of Michael Jordan and telling of the amazing dynasty that they created.  Michael Jordan. What more can possibly be said about him? There are simply no longer any more adjectives to describe his spectacular feats and clutch performances. Super-human? Possibly. The best to ever plan the game of basketball? Positively. In the pivotal Game Six, in a most unfriendly arena, Michael Jordan took his team and the people of ``the city of big shoulders,'' put them all directly on his shoulders and carried them all to the NBA's promised land, the world championship. Jordan, the ambassador of the game of basketball to the world, accomplished what no other player has been able to do. With his unprecedented tenth scoring title and sixth Finals Most Valuable Player award, Jordan has shown the impact he has on the game. But I'm sure that all of the personal accolades are secondary when it comes to the team and to being champions. The true champion puts his team and their success above all and Jordan has done that time and time again.  None of us will forget the courageous performance given by an injured Scottie Pippen. With an injury that would have had anyone else bedridden, he played as well as he possibly could. But more importantly, he provided the emotional lift that the team needed. Again, another example of how being there for your team and your fellow players is ingrained in the hearts of these players, in the hearts of champions.  And of course, the man who keeps it all together and running like a well tuned machine, Phil Jackson. With a combination of years of basketball experience as a player and as a coach, his special relationship with Jordan, Pippen, and the entire team, and a touch of his Zen philosophy, Jackson has been able to lead this team to the apex of the National Basketball Association despite all of the distractions and injuries.  Surely we cannot overlook the contributions of the rest of the team--Dennis Rodman, Ron Harper, Luc Longley, Toni Kukoc, the ``supporting cast'' as they are called. But they are more than that. They are each a critical piece of a puzzle that when fully assembled presents us with an impressive and spectacular sight: Six golden, shinning, championship trophies. Each clutch three point basket by Steve Kerr and Judd Buechler, each suffocating defensive stop by Scott Burrell and Randy Brown, each rebound from Bill Wennington and Dickey Simpkins are essential pieces of the big picture.  We should also acknowledge the impressive job that owner Jerry Reinsdorf has done with this organization from the time he took over as owner, and the sportsmanship and leadership that the Bulls organization has shown through the years.  I could go on and on, but I would like to switch tracks and commend the Utah Jazz for a wonderful and exciting series. The Jazz organization and the fans of Salt Lake City were worthy opponents in this battle and did not go quietly into the night. They made the Bulls give every ounce of heart and determination to win this sixth championship. You could not have asked for more from the Utah Jazz. The Utah fans were the extra player on the bench ready to give their team a needed push. I'm sure that their biggest fan, my colleague Senator Orrin Hatch, provided the loudest cheers of all. Unfortunately, there can only be one champion. But in my eyes, and the eyes of all basketball fans, Karl Malone, John Stockton, and the entire team earned our respect and admiration. They too are champions and I commend them and wish them the best of luck in returning to the NBA Finals.  As the city of Chicago celebrates another taste of excellence and prepares for another mid-June party in Grant Park, we can only hope that this is not the last we see from this team. But if it was our last opportunity to be graced with the performance of Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen, and Phil Jackson, the core and heart of this team, then we could not have asked for anything more. They continually gave this city and fans everywhere joy, pride, a glimpse at what it is like to be the best at what you do and to accomplish the ultimate goal. The Chicago Bulls have given millions of fans the chance to live vicariously through them. When the Bulls are champions, the entire city of Chicago and all Bulls fans are also champions. When Jordan steals the ball and makes the game winning shot with five seconds to go, we all make that shot. The Bulls give us hope and pride and the chance to be champions. I salute them for bringing so much to the city of Chicago, and to basketball fans everywhere.  The breath-taking performances that Michael Jordan has graced us with and the six hard-fought championships that the entire team has brought to the city are truly ``unbelieve-a-bull.'' Without question, being successful in all six of their championship endeavors, they were ``unstop-a-bull.'' And their place in history and in the hearts of everyone in Chicago and the world is absolutely ``undeni-a-bull.'' I salute the Chicago Bulls on a wonderful season, and a heart-stopping championship. If this was Michael Jordan's last game then it could not have been scripted any better. It was a fitting, almost storybook ending in which the man who got us there also brought us back victorious. As coach Phil Jackson put it, ``it has been a wonderful ride.'' Indeed it has been. Congratulations to the city of Chicago and the World Champion Chicago Bulls.  