President, I am concerned this bill too narrowly restricts those who can function in an acting capacity. I am worried that, in fact, the administration will not be able to pick that person best able to fill the spot, to conduct the duties, and to perform the functions of the office in the best way. I don't think that serves our country well. This bill could preclude the President from naming the most qualified person to serve as an acting officer. I do not think that will help us in any way.  Third, while it would not affect this President, experience has shown that at the beginning of a new administration filling positions in the Government requires far longer than specified in this bill. At the outset of any new administration, the President must nominate individuals to at least 320 positions in 14 different executive departments. The new President cannot possibly make all the required nominations within the 240 days allowed by this bill.  In 1993, when the nominations process was, if anything, simpler than today, the new administration was able to forward only 68 percent of the nominees within the first 240 days. Unless this time period is changed, the next administration could face departmental shutdowns because of this bill.  The enforcement mechanism of this bill, which establishes that no one can perform the functions and the duties of the vacant office, is a sanction which would lead to administrative immobilization.  I would like to also note it is ironic that we are here today debating whether to close off consideration of a measure designed to limit how long an acting official may temporarily fill an executive branch vacancy and legally perform the duties while awaiting an advancement of a nominee. The impetus is on the President to send nominees more expeditiously; yet with acting officials in many of these agencies, the work can continue. Such is not the case with the sister branch of Government which has eluded our debate here today, the Judiciary. In fact, a more serious crisis sits on the doorstep of the U.S. Senate, one that has been sorely neglected this year by many of the same people on the other side of the aisle who are proposing this change in the Vacancies Act.  We must recognize there is no similar vehicle or parallel authority like the Vacancies Act for filling vacancies on the Federal bench. There are presently 22 candidates to fill judicial vacancies on the Executive Calendar of the U.S. Senate, and 24 pending before the Senate Judiciary Committee--3 of those from my State. Unlike the executive branch where qualified acting officials may step in, in the judicial branch we don't have ``acting'' or ``interim'' judges.  I think, frankly, if we are going to assume some responsibility here, as we should, and impose responsibility on the executive branch, we should meet our responsibility. I think that responsibility requires us to act in a timely fashion on nominees sent before us. The reason I oppose cloture is I would like to see that the Senate shall also be held to the responsibility of acting in a timely fashion. If, after 150 days languishing in a committee there is no report on an individual, the name should come to the floor. If, after 150 days languishing on the Executive Calendar that name has not been called for a vote, it should be. Vote the person up or down. They are qualified or they are not. But to impose all of the burden on the executive branch and to step away from our responsibility I don't think is fair. It doesn't engage the symmetry, which I think is important.  I will concede, as Senator Byrd has said, the constitutional question is directly addressed by this bill, but I think there is a larger question about the process and whether or not we meet our twin goals: timely consideration and ultimately the very best and most able people who are selected to serve us in Government.  Mr. President, I yield back my remaining time.  