President, this is a special moment in the history of this body. I wanted to be heard for a very brief moment on what happened in the last few days here in this building. I guess it is customary, when you work in a building for many years, to get used to it and not to be stirred by it, but not this building. For 16 years, it has been my honor to serve in the House and the Senate, and I can tell you that as I walk up to this building still in daylight, or in the middle of the night, it still has a special impact on me, as it does on so many Americans. There have been those who have come before us, and my colleague from West Virginia, who is a historian of this body, remembers, I'm sure, better than most that when President Lincoln was engaged in the Civil War, we were in the process of building the great white dome that we now see on the top of this Capitol Building.  People came to him, and said, ``Mr. President, we can't continue this construction. We have a war to fight.'' He said, ``No. We will continue this construction. We will build this dome during the war as a symbol of what this Nation will be after the war; that it will be united again; and that this building will be the symbol of that unity.''  President Lincoln had it right. As you reflect on this building and what it means to so many of us, you have to also reflect on its history.  This is not the first act of violence in this building. It is not the first time that lives were lost, or that blood was shed.  The British invaded this building and came up the spiral staircase. During the Civil War, the Union troops who had been felled in battle were brought here and laid in the Rotunda in a hospital where they were treated. In the 1950s, a group of terrorists took control of the Chamber of the House for a few brief minutes, firing pistols on the floor and injuring people. In 1983, just outside this Chamber, there was a bomb that was detonated late at night. We have never discovered the cause of that bombing. And then, of course, the tragic incident which occurred last Friday involving one very troubled, disturbed individual who took two lives and injured another person.  I guess each of us who walk in the door of the Capitol each day take for granted the warm greeting and the smile from the Capitol Police, and forget that it is more than just a responsibility to greet. It is a responsibility to protect that brings them to this building. Like so many Senators, I came to take that for granted. You think it is always going to be safe and that they will never need to take the pistols from their holsters, or use them. And yet last Friday that all changed.  When I came to this building today and walked in the entrance and saw the Capitol policeman at his post, I looked at him in a different way, understanding that he was doing more than just his duty. He was protecting me and thousands of others who come to this building.  In behalf of John Gibson and Mr. Chestnut, J.J. Chestnut, my sympathies go out, on behalf of the people of Illinois and all of my friends and my staff, to their families. To think that they have left behind eight children who now should be cared for, and I hope all of us will join in that effort to make certain that that occurs--and that their family goes through this period of mourning understanding that they do not stand alone, that we stand with them shoulder to shoulder in gratitude for what they have given us. Because what they have given us is something we all hope to bring to this building--to bring more honor to this building, to the people who work here, and to the great tradition in history of the U.S. Capitol. We do it in our daily activities, in our speeches, in our conduct. What these men have done is to give their lives in the service to that great tradition and that great history.  There will be another time and another place when we will talk about how this tragedy might have been averted with better security measures, or better efforts in terms of the control of guns, or keeping guns out of thehands of those who should not have them. But let's save that debate for another day. Let us close this debate with fond memory of the contributions made by these two men, and with gratitude not only to them but to all of the men and women who protect our lives in law enforcement, and particularly those on the Capitol Hill Police Force.  