 Dr. Hale wrote to me:       Dear Senator Durbin: I am writing in response to your July      28th letter in which you asked for the College's response to      Dr. Koop's statement that ``Partial-birth abortion is never      medically necessary to protect a mother's health or future      fertility.''  Dr. Hale goes on to say:       The College's position on this is contained in a statement      of policy entitled ``Statement on Intact Dilation and      Extraction.''  That term, ``intact dilation and extraction,'' is the technical medical term for what we term ``partial-birth abortion.''  Dr. Hale goes on to say:       In that statement we say, ``Terminating a pregnancy is      performed in some circumstances to save the life or preserve      the health of the mother.'' It continues, ``A select panel      convened by [the American College of Obstetricians and      Gynecologists] could identify no circumstances under which      this procedure, as defined above, would be the only option to      save the life or preserve the health of the woman.''  The statement goes on to say,       An intact D, [partial-birth abortion] however, may be the      best or most appropriate procedure in a particular      circumstance to save the life or preserve the health of a      woman . . .  And listen closely,       . . . and only the doctor, in consultation with the patient      based upon the woman's particular circumstances can make this      decision.       For this reason, we have consistently opposed the partial-     birth abortion ban legislation.  He encloses the statement in full.  So what are we to do? Members of the Senate have conflicting medical opinions here. Some medical associations in my home State, some doctors whom I respect, like Dr. Koop, feel that it is never necessary; and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists says it may be the best or most appropriate procedure and only the doctor can decide.  It puts us in a dilemma. Some think it is an easy call--never will we need it; never should we use it. Then you read from the doctors who work with these women who have come upon complications in their pregnancy that they never expected.  When this matter was first debated, I met a woman from a suburb of Chicago, from the Naperville area, who has been kind enough or brave enough to come forward and explain what happened to her. Her situation opened my eyes to the fact that this debate is not as easy as it sounds. She was the mother of a child, pregnant with another child, and had determined through ultrasound that she was about to have a little baby boy. She and her husband had picked out a name. She had painted the nursery. They had bought the furniture. They were ready and expecting parents, only to learn late in the pregnancy that the child suffered from a serious deformity which precluded the possibility that it would survive after birth, and that the continued pregnancy could jeopardize her health or her ability to ever have another child.  I spoke to her about what happened after the doctor made that diagnosis. She spoke of sitting up all night crying with her husband over what they were to do. They did not believe in abortion. Yet what a terrible dilemma they faced. Continue the pregnancy at the risk to her health, at the risk of never having another baby, or terminate the pregnancy of a fetus, a baby--whatever term you use--that could not survive. They made the decision to go ahead with the procedure that would be banned by this legislation.  She told me that story. Then she introduced me to her new baby in the stroller she was pushing. They made the decision to go forward and look to the future with another baby.  I won't presume that everyone listening to this debate would have made that same decision. Others might have seen it quite differently. In her case, she thought she and her husband, with their doctor, did the right thing, and their decision resulted in another baby boy that they are very proud of and happy to have brought on this Earth.  So the belief that many people engage in this procedure for casual reasons--at least in this case--did not apply. We have to take care in this debate that when we ban certain procedures and say doctors can never use them, we apply them to all situations,including the one that I have just described.  Here is what I think we should do. I will vote to sustain the President's veto. I don't know if I will prevail or whether the Senator from Pennsylvania will prevail. But I hope that we can leave this debate without saying that they have had another wild debate in Washington, the issue went unresolved, and they will probably return to that same debate next year--we have done that year after year after year.  A number of us, today, came forward and said that we hoped that we could take this debate to another position, another level, a more constructive level, I hope, after we consider this legislation. I joined Senators in the press gallery today who have agreed to be original cosponsors of legislation which I have introduced. This is legislation that is supported by Democrats and Republicans: Senators Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins, Republicans of Maine; Democrats Torricelli, Mikulski, Robert Graham, Landrieu, and Lieberman are my cosponsors on this legislation. I hope that in introducing this bill we can move this debate to another level, a different level, and one that is not inconsistent with the philosophy of my friend from Pennsylvania.  What we attempt to do in this bill is say the following: Let us restrict all late-term abortions, regardless of the procedure--whether it uses this procedure or some other procedure--to two specific examples: Situations where the life of the mother is at stake--in other words, if she learned in the seventh, eighth, or ninth month of pregnancy that if she continued the pregnancy she would die; or situations where that same mother learns late in the pregnancy that if she continues the pregnancy she runs the risk of grievous injury to her physical health, like the case that I just described. Those are the only exceptions. No other reasons.  It is not a question of being depressed or changing your mind--as if anybody would make a decision on an abortion for that matter. I don't know that they ever would, but it is specifically prohibited under this law.  And we say that not only the doctor who performs the abortion must certify these medical circumstances, but in addition, a second nontreating doctor must be brought in. He or she must certify in writing that these medical conditions exist. Then and only then could there be any abortion procedure, including this one, in a late-term pregnancy.  We believe this is a constructive and, I hope, promising approach. It builds on an amendment offered last year by Senator Tom Daschle, the Democratic minority leader, one that I supported. We have added the second doctor's opinion because criticisms were raised--I didn't agree with them--that the doctor who performed the abortion might make a certification that was dishonest. We think the second doctor's opinion will argue against that.  The penalties involved in this are very serious. A doctor who would ignore the law which we seek to have enacted in the bill which we will introduce today faces a fine of $100,000 for the first instance, and a possible loss of his medical license. In the second case, a fine of $250,000 and the loss of his medical license.  I don't know how you can be more serious than the approach we have taken, to say we want to make certain that late-term abortions are limited to these situations.  Some people have asked, Why don't you just vote for the bill that is before the Senate as well as your own? I cannot do that. The reason I cannot do it is because there is no provision made in the bill offered before the Senate for cases where a woman discovers late in her pregnancy that to continue the pregnancy would present the risk of grievous injury to her physical health. There is a life-of-the-mother exception, but no exception for grievous injury to physical health. That is the reason I will vote to sustain the President's veto. Later today, at the appropriate time, I will introduce the legislation which I have coauthored and described.  Let me say in closing that I respect the Senator from Pennsylvania and his views and I respect those who disagree with him. I believe this debate is a debate over an issue of conscience and one that many of us struggle with on a regular basis. I hope that what we have tried to do today on a bipartisan basis, to suggest an alternative approach, could lead us away from this long-term debate, to a resolution in a fair and humane manner.  I yield the floor.  