I think you saw what I showed you, in violation of the rules, a few minutes ago. I think you understand that this tiny object, which could fit in my hand, which I can't pick up under the rules of the Senate and under objection on the floor, is something that is not a major investment by any gun owner, but could bring peace of mind not only to the gun owner, but to other people.  When I held a press conference in Chicago, IL, and invited a friend of mine who had been, unfortunately, a statistic in this debate, he told a story that chilled me about his 10-year-old son. He said, ``My wife and I never had a gun in our house because we were afraid that with children around something might happen. We thought we were a safe family. Our son went next door to play with another child. . .'' and I guess you can come to a conclusion as to what happened. His child was killed when the neighbor boy picked up a gun, playing with it, shot his son and killed him.  Suzanne Wilson, who testified 2 weeks ago, a mother from Jonesboro, AR, who would have faded into the background of all of the American people who do their duty and raise their families, now has become a national spokesperson. She will not let the death of her daughter in Jonesboro, AR, be forgotten. She is supporting this legislation by Senator Boxer, as well as many other efforts to reduce the likelihood that guns will be fired accidentally or will harm some young person.  I will tell you what. I cannot believe the opponents of this legislation could stand and look this woman in the eye--a woman who sent her daughter to grade school, who loved her with all her heart, kissed her good-bye in the morning, and never saw her alive again. I don't know if we will avoid the tragedy in Springfield, OR, or Pearl, MS, or Jonesboro, AR, or somebody else's hometown, tomorrow if we pass this law, but I know it is the right step forward.  I know this Senate is capable of coming to the conclusion that we can pass laws that will save lives. I know that we are willing to say to certain special interest groups, ``No, you have gone too far.'' We have to use a trigger lock--which I can't show you--to protect our kids. I think that is something that is just basic. How many people in America now buy these clubs that they put on their steering wheels to protect their cars? This is a club to be put on a gun that is easily accessible. I can't show it to you, but you can turn the key and pull it off. Under the rules of the Senate, I can't show you that anymore.  I think you understand what I am saying. This is not a major investment, nor a complicated issue for people who dearly love these children and understand what is at stake. Believe me, this debate is about you, not about States rights, not about the Bill of Rights. This debate is about our children and their lives. That is what is at stake here. This U.S. Senate can come together in a bipartisan fashion and do the right thing for families across America. We will all join in lamenting any gun violence. We will give speeches on the floor, and at home we will send letters of regret and condolences, as we should. But when it comes to the bottom line, how are we going to vote? Representing the people of Illinois, I will vote in favor of this Boxer amendment. I think she is right that we need a new day in this country, which says that we are not going to take guns away but we are going to take guns seriously, and guns not taken seriously become, unfortunately, the objects of crime and the objects of accidents, which break hearts and destroy families forever.  This is not too much to ask. What the Senator from California has proposed should be supported. I have been waiting for those who oppose the amendment to engage me in debate. I hope they will. I am still waiting. Even without my trigger lock, I am waiting. I would be happy to engage any of them in a debate on this issue. I see they are not ready to do so.  I yield the remainder of my time.  