President. I thank my colleague from Kansas for his remarks. It is always a great education to listen to his statements on the floor. Though we may not agree on any particulars, I certainly do respect him very much and have enjoyed our service together both in the House and the Senate.  I stand this morning not to give a long speech, even by Senate standards, but I would like to say I hope all Members of the Senate will put this debate into its historical context. This may be one of the most important foreign policy debates of the decade. It is to determine the future of the U.S. relationship with a new Europe, a Europe after the cold war.  Since 1949, the United States understood, particularly through the NATO alliance, our relationship with Europe. We defined that relationship in specific terms and committed not only the United States on paper but, in fact, at one point stationed some 300,000 Americans in Europe, in an effort to make certain that that sector of the world will continue to be safe from any type of aggression or invasion.  When I think back on my own life and all of the concerns of the cold war, it focused primarily on the possibility that the Soviet Union might expand through some manner through its Warsaw Pact nations into the a NATO alliance and force us to respond. It was a concern that cost us lives, it cost us money, and it really was the focus of our foreign policy for many, many decades.  With the tearing down of the Berlin Wall, the end of the Soviet Union, as we knew it, and the emergence of countries in Eastern and Central Europe, formerly part of the Soviet orbit, we now are in a position to redefine the U.S. position in the world. There are some people who naturally tend toward the American tradition of isolationism. We are pretty far away from these countries. ``Perhaps we shouldn't be concerned about them,'' they will say. ``Let them worry about their own future, we have our own concerns here.'' But, we have heard that response many times in our past, and the Americans, by and large, have rejected it. We understand we are part of the world community. In fact, we are viewed by most nations of the world as a major leader, an example, in many instances, of democracy and a country which most nations choose to emulate.  I found it interesting, when the wall came down in Berlin and the Eastern and Central European countries started emerging as democracies, how many of the new leaders made a point of coming not to London, not to Paris, but to Washington, DC, in the hopes that they might address a joint meeting of Congress. To them, it was a validation that the new Czech Republic and the new Poland was going to embark on a democratic experiment, and coming here to this building in Washington, DC, was really shown to be a break from the past; that they would separate themselves from the past and their connection with the Eastern powers, with communism, with the old Soviet Union, and dedicate themselves to democracy.  Now we have the natural evolution of their emergence as democracies and our natural evolution as a leader in today's world. We are debating on the floor of the Senate the question of enlarging the NATO alliance to include newcomers, to include nations which just a few years ago were perceived as potential enemies and now we see as allies. What a refreshing change in this world that a nation like Poland, which we identify with certainty in my home State of Illinois and the city of Chicago very closely, that a nation like Poland now has a chance to join us as close allies.  I listened carefully as some of my colleagues talked about the attitudes in these nations about the possibility of NATO membership. Make no mistake, if you visit these countries, that is all they talk about--the possibility that at some point in time, they will be part of the NATO alliance.  This is an exciting prospect for them, not so much because they anticipate some military invasion or the need for military defense, but rather because they see this alliance with the United States and with other NATO allies as an assurance that they are committed to many things, to democracy, to a free market and, most importantly, to the principles of NATO.  It is interesting, this alliance, in our world's history, is a unique one because for 50 years this was not an aggressive alliance, this was a defensive alliance. We basically said we respect others' boundaries as we expect them to respect ours and we are not setting out to invade and claim territory but merely to protect our own. It was a defensive alliance. It has been throughout history. And that is its future as well.  As other countries come in--Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic--they accept the premise. The premise is, you are on board as an alliance to protect our borders and to try our best to maintain stability in this new and developing world. I think that is the bottom line here. It is no longer a fight against ideology or even the aggression of some superpower but rather the stability of the region.  Is that stability important to the United States? I think it is critical to the United States. In just a few months we are going to see the creation of the Eurodollar, or the Eurocurrency, which is going to be perhaps one of the more dominant currencies in the world. We will see the European nations by and large coming together as an economic unit as a major competitor to the United States, and at the same time we will see opportunities in Europe for American firms.  If we are going to engender this relationship, this free market economy and this new democracy, it is entirely consistent for us to build an alliance with these countries through NATO.  I hear some of my colleagues arguing against the expansion of NATO, and as I listened carefully, they are actually arguing against the existence of NATO. I hope they are not. To pause on reflection, it has been one of the most successful military alliances in our Nation's history, perhaps in the history of the world. And it is important for us to maintain NATO and to expand it.  I watched carefully the amendment offered by the Senator from Arizona, Mr. Kyl, just an hour or two ago. I read it carefully, and I thought, does this amendment, which seeks to spell out the parameters of the expansion of NATO, in any way preclude the possibility that one day Russia would join NATO? Well, it does not, because it speaks in terms of principles and goals and values.  I think when we talk about the nervousness in Russia about the expansion of NATO, we should put it in historical context. The Russians have gone through a major transformation in a very short period of time. Once considered a superpower and a major leader in the world, they are now struggling to redefine themselves in the 21st century.  I know this causes angst and pain among many Russian leaders who can recall, I am sure with fondness, days of empire. But the fact is, it is a new world and a new opportunity, and they have a chance for a new relationship. A new and expanded NATO is no threat to Russia. A new and expanded NATO is an invitation to Russia to join us in the same principles and values. I think that should be our view, our vision of the new world.  When I hear about this Russian concern and nervousness, I really hope they will take the time to consider the history of this alliance, which has been a peaceful alliance, a defensive alliance.  Let me speak for a moment before I close about the Baltic States. I always confess my prejudice when I come to this issue. My mother was born in Lithuania. So when I speak of the Baltic States, it is with some particular personal feeling. I have visited Lithuania on four our five different occasions and have also visited Latvia and Estonia.  I did not believe in my lifetime that I would see the changes that have taken place in those three tiny countries. When I first visited Lithuania back in 1978 or 1979, it was under Soviet domination, and it was a rather sad period in the history of that country. The United States said for decades that we never recognized the Soviet takeover of the Baltic States. We always believed them to be independent nations that were unfortunately invaded and taken over by the Soviets.  When I went to visit them in 1979, I saw the efforts of the Soviet Union to impose upon the people in Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia the Russian culture. They expatriated so many of the local people and sent them off to Siberia and places in the far reaches of Russia; and then they sent their own populations, the Russian cultural population, those speaking the Russian language, into the Baltic States in an effort to try to homogenize them into some entity that was more Russian than it was Baltic.  But it did not work. The people maintained--zealously maintained--their own culture, and they kept their own religion, their own language, and their own literature and their own dreams. I did not imagine in my lifetime that I would ever see these Baltic States once again free, and yet I lived to see that happen.  In fact, at one point I was sent as a member of a delegation by then-Speaker of the House Tom Foley to witness the first democratic election in Lithuania. The Soviets refused to give me a visa. I sat in Berlin day after weary day waiting for a chance to get in. And finally I was only able to be there the day of the election, that evening for the celebration. But I was there for an important moment, and I am glad I saw it.  Today these three nations are trying their best to become mature economies, to watch their democracies flourish. And they have ample evidence of real progress. The fact that they would entertain the possibility of being part of NATO should not be a source of concern to us but one of great hope and great optimism, because as countries like Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, and so many others that were either part of the Warsaw Pact or even Soviet republics become part of NATO, they really show this transformation and this progression into a democratic form and a new democratic vision in Europe.  One of the resolutions being offered by one of my colleagues wants to single out the Baltic States as if they are the real concern of Russia. If you took a look at a map of the world and saw the huge expanse of Russia today, and then took a look at these three tiny nations, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, it is almost laughable that the Russians would look to them as any threat to their future or to their security. They are small nations with very small armies and virtually no sophisticated military forces. What they are asking for is a chance to flourish, and I think they should have that chance.  So I close by saying that I hope my colleagues in the Senate who have followed this debate will understand its historic importance and understand that those of us who are privileged to serve in the Senate and have a chance to vote on this question of NATO enlargement may be casting a vote on foreign policy that is going to be viewed for generations to come as a milestone--the end of the cold war, the new vision of the world, the new definition of an alliance involving the United States and freedom-loving democracies in Europe that led to stability and to growth. That is my vision of the world. That is my vision of NATO enlargement.  I hope that a majority of my colleagues will join me in supporting President Clinton and supporting virtually all of these nations that are asking for NATO to be enlarged to reflect this new vision.  Mr. President, I yield back the remainder of my time.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  