President, let me say to my friend, the Senator from Utah, I appreciated his oration and his irritation. He plays a valuable role in the Senate, and he raises issues that are important to all of us regardless of on which side of the aisle we fall.  This amendment, sponsored by the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. Faircloth, is one which we should understand what it stands for. This is an amendment to limit the attorneys' fees that will be payable to plaintiffs' attorneys who joined with all the States' attorneys general to bring the lawsuits against tobacco companies.  Now, to paraphrase my friend, the Senator from Arkansas, Mr. Bumpers, the tobacco companies hate these attorneys like the Devil hates holy water. Were it not for these attorneys, there would be no McCain bill in the Chamber this week. Were it not for these attorneys, there would have been no State lawsuits. Were it not for these attorneys, these tobacco companies would continue to make billions of dollars, would continue to exploit our children, would continue to be the source of the No. 1 preventable cause of death in America month after month, year after year, and decade after decade.  So it is no wonder that the Senator from North Carolina wants to get even with these attorneys. They have upset the applecart for Tobacco Row. These attorneys have joined with States' attorneys general, 42 of them, to bring lawsuits which have successfully brought the tobacco companies to their knees. And if this Senate has the courage this week that I hope it does, we will pass the most comprehensive historic legislation this Nation has ever seen to protect our children from continued exploitation by these tobacco companies.  So here comes the Senator from North Carolina, and he says, well, I think it is only reasonable that we limit these attorneys to fees of no more than $250 an hour. At least I think that is what his amendment says; it has been written over a couple times. But I think that is what he ended up concluding. For most people in America, $250 an hour is an amazing amount of money. To anybody who would think about making $10,000 a week, that is an amazing amount of money. But, ladies and gentlemen, we are talking about attorneys who are playing in the big leagues here.  Isn't it interesting that all of his rancor and all of his anger about attorneys' fees only affect the fees that are being paid to attorneys who are fighting tobacco companies. I have searched this amendment, line for line and page for page, to find some limitation on the amount of money paid to the attorneys for the tobacco companies. No, not a single word of limitation. Pay them what you will. But the plaintiffs' attorneys, representing the children who are being exploited by these companies, the plaintiffs' attorneys who come in here representing flight attendants to try to make sure in a courtroom that they are protected from the kind of secondhand smoke that is damaging, those are the targets of the Senator from North Carolina.  Isn't it an amazing thing that these tobacco companies, when they put their enemies list together, put at the very top these attorneys. Well, why did these State attorneys general bring in these private attorneys as part of the lawsuits? For one simple reason: They didn't have the resources in many States to really go after these tobacco giants, so they brought in the trial attorneys and they said, ``If you are going to sue the tobacco firms, do it on a contingent basis. If you win the lawsuit, which has never been done--never been done--if you win the lawsuit, you will win a substantial fee. If you lose, you go home emptyhanded.'' These attorneys said, ``We will take it on; on a contingent fee basis, we will take it on.'' And guess what. They are about to win. If we do the right thing, they will win. In at least four States, they have won. It just angers the tobacco companies to think that they are going to have to pay the fees of the attorneys who sued them.  Why did we need these attorneys? Because, honestly, ladies and gentlemen, when it came to Congress, when it came to State legislatures, when it came to many Governors' offices, and, yes, even when it came to the White House year after year and time after time, the tobacco companies had a cozy relationship. They knew no one was going to go in and challenge them.  