President.  In this brief period of time, I first applaud my colleagues. I am glad that I have had the honor to serve in the U.S. Senate. I am particularly happy to represent a great State like Illinois. I am honored to be a Member of the Senate with my colleagues and, in particular, Senator Kennedy who, time and time again throughout his career, has taken this floor to speak for those who do not have a lobby in Washington, to speak for those who do not have a special interest group with a large political action committee. When Senator Kennedy comes to the floor to speak for the poor, for the dispossessed, for those who do not have health insurance and lack the opportunity many of us take for granted, I am honored in joining him. Now that I am in the Senate, I find I am joining him more and more. I want to do that this morning on this particular issue.  A few years ago at one of the National Democratic Conventions--I believe it was San Francisco--a resident of the city of Chicago, Jesse Jackson, the Reverend Jesse Jackson--not to be confused with his son, the Congressman--took to the floor of the convention hall and gave a speech I still remember today.  He spoke to that assembled multitude of people about why we are involved in politics and what Government should be about. Jesse Jackson said in his own way--and I can't even hope to get close to imitating his style or his conviction--he wanted to speak to us about the people who get up every morning and go to work every day. He talked about the people who clean the hotel rooms of the conventioneers. He said they get up every morning and they go to work every day. The people who remove the dishes and glasses and cups from your table in the restaurant, they go to work every day. The people who watch our children in day-care centers, they go to work every day. The people who guard our homes, our offices, our schools, they go to work every single day.  For many of us, they are invisible. They are the work force of America. We tend to focus on the leadership, those who rise to the top in terms of the public spotlight, but for millions of Americans who are part of our workforce, they are such an essential part of American life, and, unfortunately, too many of us take them for granted.  What Senator Kennedy is challenging us to do today as the U.S. Senate is not to ignore these workers and their families but, rather, to show them that we respect them, we respect the contribution they make to America, we honor their work, and we do it with a vote to increase their minimum wage.  Many of the critics of increasing the minimum wage like to argue, ``Well, if you raise the minimum wage, people are just going to lay off a lot of these workers; employers can't afford to pay them.'' That argument has been going on since the days of Franklin Roosevelt when we established the minimum wage. In very few instances, if ever, has that been the case.  The most recent increase in the minimum wage had exactly the opposite impact. More and more people were employed. What Senator Kennedy is suggesting, raising the minimum wage from $5.15 to $6.15 an hour over a 2-year period of time, is hardly unreasonable. It is a reasonable way for us to address the needs of many families.  We like to get on the floor here--and I have joined in this debate--and talk about eliminating welfare, changing welfare as we know it, moving people from welfare to work. I say to my friends, this is part of moving people from welfare to work, giving to those new workers a decent pay, a decent wage. These are people who get up and go to work every single day.  It is also about family dignity. If we really believe in family values, it has to go beyond a speech on the Senate floor. It has to go to a question of whether or not we will vote to make sure that families receive the money they need to make a living.  A lot of people argue, ``Wait a minute, the minimum wage is just for kids, just for new employees--pay them a little amount of money because they don't have the experience.'' Seventy-four percent of the people on minimum wage are adults; 57 percent of the gains of the increase in this minimum wage will go to working families in the bottom 40 percent of the income scale.  The other people argue, ``Wait a minute, don't worry about the minimum wage, that is for part-time workers.'' That is not the case. Fifty percent of the workers on minimum wage are full-time workers; 40 percent of them are the sole breadwinners for their families.  What will $2,000 a year mean? That is what it will be if the increase goes through, $2,000 a year for a family. To a low-income family struggling to survive, it means money for groceries and rent, to pay for drugs, and to pay perhaps for health insurance for their children. It is the difference in quality of life which we cannot overlook.  When the record is written about this Congress, questions will be asked: What did we achieve? Well, we haven't passed a budget resolution. We are now more than 4 months after the requirement to do it. We are struggling through the appropriations bills. I believe we will pass them. We have renamed the National Airport after President Ronald Reagan, and, folks, that's about it. Shouldn't we, before we leave, address the millions of Americans--200,000 in my home State of Illinois--who are, frankly, in a position where this increase in minimum wage could mean a dramatic increase in their quality of life?  I will be coming to the floor on this bankruptcy bill debate. My friend, Senator Grassley from Iowa, and I have worked long and hard on this bill. We have our differences on it. But I will tell you this: I fully support what Senator Kennedy and Senator Wellstone have set out to do, to make sure it is part of this debate that we will increase the minimum wage.  I hope those who are about to consider this issue, Republicans and Democrats alike, will understand that we are talking about people in America who get up and go to work every single day. They deserve our respect. They deserve an increase in their minimum wage.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  