 Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to one of baseball's most colorful contributors, Harry Caray. I join my colleague, Senator Moseley-Braun, in cosponsoring this resolution.  Baseball fans, from Chicago to St. Louis to Oakland, often heard Harry's trademark greeting over the last 53 seasons. He used to start out by saying, ``Hello everybody, this is Harry Caray at the ballpark.'' Harry was a fan's friend, the guy who spoke for us all, our eyes and ears in the broadcast booth. Every day from April to October, he invited us aboard for an irresistible ride, to enjoy a kid's game and have the time of our lives doing it.  Harry Caray was more than baseball's goodwill ambassador, he was ever youthful, a voice who crossed the generations. He was the pied piper of fun, the white-haired kid in the oversized horned-rim glasses who made us feel better for the experience of sharing the game he loved from our seats at home listening to a radio or in front of a television set.  Harry Caray broadcast his first St. Louis Cardinals game in 1945, five days after the death of President Franklin Roosevelt and his final game with the Chicago Cubs last year. He met every president from Harry Truman to Bill Clinton.  As a boy, I tuned in KMOX from across the river in East St. Louis many a night. While I was supposed to be asleep, I heard Harry Caray rooting hard and hoping for a Cardinal victory or, like the fan he was, bemoaning a misplay or failure in the clutch with those disheartened words ``Popped it up!''  But, Harry taught us never to give up hope, especially when someone like Stan ``The Man'' Musial came to the plate. ``Musial waves that magic wand,'' Harry would say. ``He's in that familiar stance. Now the pitch. Here it comes. There she goes!!! It might be, it could be, IT IS! A HOME RUN. HOLY COW!!!''  I will remember forever in 1966 as a kid fresh out of college going to Sparta, IL, just south of St. Louis, late at night to meet with a party official, and it was dark outside. There were no street lights. I had a street address. But I couldn't see the numbers on the houses. I had to get out and walk around. It was in August. You would have thought that they had a PA system in that town with Harry Caray on it. Everybody was sitting in the backyard and on the front porch listening to KMOX and the Cardinals from house to house and yard to yard. You didn't miss a play. That is the kind of devotion that Harry Caray brought.  In 1970, after 25-unforgettable seasons in St. Louis, Harry Caray hit the road. He stopped in Oakland, but he needed the hot-blooded passion the Midwest brought to the game. So back he came a year later to a new town, Carl Sandberg's City of Big Shoulders, to announce White Sox games. It was a match for the ages. Chicago, the raucous city that never slept, fun, exciting, alive, and Harry Caray, who loved the city and its people so much he couldn't get enough of it. Chicago reciprocated in kind as witnessed by the unprecedented outpouring of tributes this past week.  After eleven seasons, the bloom wore off the rose on the South Side, so he crossed town. With the superstation power of WGN carrying Cubs games, and another Sandberg, Ryne, to extol, Harry Caray became the first genuine superstar on cable television, selling baseball and the Cubs around the world.  Another memory I have was having been elected to Congress and I made one of my first trips out of the country to Costa Rica. I went into San Jose, Costa Rica, checked into a hotel in the middle of the day, walked in, put my suitcase down, flipped on the light, turned on the TV, and there was Harry Caray's voice in San Jose, Costa Rica, again broadcasting the Cubs.  Harry Caray missed out on just three things during his 16-years with the Cubs: a World Series, retirement that he never sought, nor desired, and the thrill of sharing the mike on a day-to- day basis with his grandson, Chip.  A few years ago, Harry, his son Skip who does such outstanding work with the Atlanta Braves, and Chip, broadcast a Cubs-Atlanta game. It was the only time three generations of one family, the Carays, ever called a major league contest.  In Illinois, only one thing is more contentious than politics. It's baseball. Downstate from Springfield south is Cardinals' country. Up north, Cub fans are every bit as vocal and spirited. Then, there's the intra-city matter of the Cubs versus the White Sox. One man, and one man alone bridged that gulf. To paraphrase Harry, now here was the only guy who broadcast baseball games for the Cardinals, White Sox, and Cubs, and remains loved by all.  Mr. President, Harry Caray's nonstop sprint through life lasted 83-far-too-brief years. As someone put it the other day, Harry joined another team this week--the ``Angels.''  If old Harry is up there, and I am sure he is, there is one thing I can guarantee. The cherubim, the seraphim, the saints, and the heavenly choirs will be taking a break from singing ``Amazing Grace,'' and will join old Harry in a chorus of ``Take me out to the ball game.''  So long, Harry, and thanks for all those great memories.  