It is an effort which increases the fee on a package of cigarettes, which we have been told by economists, in and of itself, will reduce youth usage. It is an effort to change the advertising so that, by and large, children are not affected by the lure of that advertising. It is an effort by the Government--and the Senator is right--through HHS and others, to deliver this message effectively. But finally it comes down to the tobacco companies themselves who make the product and market the product and sell the product. And they bear a responsibility, too, a responsibility which, if they don't live up to it, is going to result in a charge against each package of cigarettes.  Let me just conclude with two or three points before deferring to the Senator from Ohio. Some say the 67 percent reduction figure over 10 years is too high. I don't believe it is. Marijuana use by 12- to 17-year-olds declined 76 percent from the late 1970s to the early 1990s. The smoking rate among black 12th graders in the late 1970s was the same as the rate for all teenagers today. It declined by 76 percent from the late 1970s to the early 1990s, without advertising restrictions, education, and counteradvertising envisioned in the current legislation.  Mr. President, 80 percent of adult smokers and 70 percent of adolescent smokers regret ever starting to smoke. I think we have a situation here where 67 percent is a figure that can be reached, and the actual number of young people who would then stop smoking is one that was agreed to by the tobacco companies when they met with the attorneys general just last year.  Why do we want to strengthen this bill? Because, frankly, we believe that unless the industry is held to this standard on a specific company basis, the results will not be what we hope they will be. Some people say the amount of the payment here is more than the lifetime profit from each new young smoker.  First, let's not get caught up in the debate of what is a lifetime profit from a new smoker. Is it only $500 or $1,000 or $1,500? I am not sure we accept these claims.  Second, these companies are not just profit maximizers; they want volume. Why? Why would the tobacco industry want volume over profit? Because they are dealing with people who are addicted to nicotine, who will have to follow them up the track as the price increases. So they do not focus just on profits but also on volume. And we have to find a way to reduce the volume when it comes to children.  Third, even this calculation does not get to the true cost of addicting a child on tobacco. The American Medical Association has estimated we would have to increase the surcharges to $400 million per percentage point--more than 6 times what the bill does in its company-specific look-back--to cover the societal cost of each additional smoker. It is about more than tobacco company profits; it is about the cost to America and American families as a result.  I think what we are setting out to do here is create a payment structure that is reasonable. Under the bill, companies will pay an industry-wide payment of $80 million for each of the first 5 percentage points by which they missed the targets, $160 million for each of the next 5 points, $240 million for the next 12, maxing out at $4 billion. Each company that misses the target will pay a company-specific surcharge of $1,000 multiplied by the number of children by which a company falls short of in its target. There is no maximum for the company-specific surcharge, which could reach as much as 3 to 4 billion dollars in an extreme case.  Under our agreement, companies will pay an industry-wide payment of $40 million for each of the first 5 percentage points by which the industry as a whole misses the targets, plus $120 million for each of the next 15 points, with a maximum of $2 billion. Each company that misses the targets will also pay a company-specific surcharge equal to the company's share of youth smokers multiplied by $80 million for each of the first 5 percentage points, $240 million for each of the next 19 points, with a maximum of $5 billion.  The potential maximum surcharges are similar in the aggregate. Ours is weighted towards companies as opposed to towards the industry as a whole.  Let me close by saying that I am happy that this is, in fact, a bipartisan amendment. For those who have argued on the floor over the last 2 days that they want to make certain that we don't increase the price of the product too much for lower-income groups, the Durbin-DeWine amendment addresses that directly. When you go company-specific, the money comes off the bottom line. For those who say that the targets that the State attorneys general agreed on to reduce the number of kids smoking were reasonable, as those tobacco companies said then, this bill returns to those targets. We think this is sensible. Let us reward those companies which are engaged in good conduct, reducing youth usage. Let us make those pay who do not engage in good conduct.  I am happy to have this amendment offered today in the Senate, and I am proud to have as my cosponsor the Senator who will be speaking next, my friend who served in the other body with me and now is the Senator from Ohio, Senator Mike DeWine.  At this point, I yield back the remainder of my time.  