 During the course of this debate on the bankruptcy bill, we will be talking about a number of aspects of this procedure. When you consider a nation of 260 million Americans, and I guess about 1.3 or 1.4 million each year file bankruptcy, the vast majority of people who may be watching this debate have no personal knowledge of the subject. Of course, some lawyers and people who are involved in credit counseling do, but, unfortunately for a lot of unsuspecting people, bankruptcy becomes a critical part of their lives. Senator Grassley and I are attempting to change the bankruptcy code in a way that is fair, that will reduce abusive bankruptcies, but still allow the procedure to be available to those who truly need it.  Let me give an example of one of the amendments which I have offered, or will offer if given the opportunity, which I think tells an important story about bankruptcy; that is, the whole question about retirement funds. Creditors want those who file for bankruptcy to pay their creditors every penny they have, often including retirement savings. If you are 54 years old and you have some IRAs, some 401(k) plans that you are putting aside for your own retirement and then lose your job after 30 years due to a merger or downsizing, or if someone in your family--a spouse or a child--incurs major medical bills and you find yourself facing literally tens of thousands, maybe hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt and find you can't pay your bills, you may be forced into bankruptcy. What may be at stake is not only the money you have on hand, but the money you have saved for your retirement.  Under current law, if you filed for bankruptcy, they go after everything except the 401(k) plan. So if you put aside these individual retirement accounts or Roth IRAs thinking, ``Someday I will need this to supplement Social Security,'' you will be shocked to learn that the creditors--the hospitals and doctors or whoever it might be--are going to say, ``I'm sorry, but that IRA is now something that I can take away from you to pay off your bills.''  That is why I think this amendment which I am going to introduce is so necessary. Current law puts Americans with financial problems in a Catch 22 situation: Either declare bankruptcy and go into poverty in old age, or don't declare bankruptcy and live in poverty now with creditors harassing you because your current bills and health care costs sap your entire income.  This amendment that I want to offer to the bill, one of several, ensures that retirement savings survive a bankruptcy proceeding intact. The funds will be preserved to provide for your care and expenses in old age, rather than being paid to creditors who are unwilling to compromise when meeting this financial setback. It also provides that if you took a loan from your retirement savings, for example, to fund a downpayment on your house, you will have to pay yourself back by payroll deduction, uninterrupted by the bankruptcy.  I think there are reasons to support this amendment. It is a good indication of why some amendments are needed on this bill. Think about the gravity of this situation and challenge. The retirement savings of hundreds of thousands of elderly Americans are at risk in bankruptcy proceedings. In 1997, an estimated 280,000 older Americans--that is, age 50 and older; and I am included in that group--filed bankruptcy; though I didn't file bankruptcy. Almost one in five bankruptcy cases, 18.5 percent, involve one or both petitioners coming to court who are 50 years of age or older.  What are the top three reasons Americans give for filing for bankruptcy? Job loss, overwhelming medical expenses, and a creditor's refusal to work out repayment plans. Nearly 50 percent of older Americans declare bankruptcy because they lost their job at or about the age of 50. At this age, it is a tough situation to find another job that pays as well. It can be catastrophic to an entire family.  Parents may have kids in college, elderly parents to care for, a house that may need a new roof, and a family that may have overwhelming medical expenses. About 30 percent of older Americans filing bankruptcy due to family medical bills that are completely beyond their capacity to pay. You should not have to choose between your family's health and your financial security in your old age. One in ten older Americans files bankruptcy because their creditors have refused to work with them to pay their bills. One in fifteen older Americans files bankruptcy to save a home they are about to lose.  Young people really are protected by this amendment, as well, when retirement funds are set aside over a person's working career to provide them with privately funded care in their old age. My mother lived to the age of 87, and she always said time and time again, for years and years, ``I just don't want to be a burden on you and your brothers.'' She never was, but she was always worried about it. She saved carefully, so that there was money set aside, so that if something happened, she would be able to take care of herself and would not have to turn to us.  I think that is the feeling of many senior citizens who put aside savings in IRAs and 401(k) plans, so they can be independent and live a life that doesn't take away from their children.  But think about it. If something comes along, like a catastrophic illness, you have reached the limit on your health insurance policy, and all of a sudden debts are cascading around you and bankruptcy is the only option, you lose everything you saved--and independence is important to all of us, and particularly to those in their senior years.  Security in retirement can only be achieved through the accumulation of assets over a working lifetime. Retirement funds should not be at risk simply because of an unexpected layoff or medical problems, sending a debt-strapped family over the financial edge. I don't think this amendment is subject to abuse, because debtors can't really sock away money in a retirement account just before filing for bankruptcy. Retirement plan contributions are heavily regulated and limited by law and not subject to bankruptcy planning abuse. Debtors have been criticized for poor management skills, but they should be rewarded, not penalized, for making rational economic decisions, like preparing for retirement.  Who supports this amendment? The AARP, American Association for Retired Persons, National Council of Senior Citizens, the Profit Sharing 401(k) Council of America, the National Council on Teacher Retirement, and the New York State Teachers Retirement System, just to name a few.  My reason for explaining this amendment is that there is debate underway here as to whether we will allow amendments to the bankruptcy bill. This is an illustration of the type of amendment that I think is important, so that we make certain that this reform of the bankruptcy code recognizes the reality of life in America. We want to protect the retirement funds of those who have been careful enough to save, who could never even have anticipated an economic calamity such as I have described. We want to make certain that they are given a chance to come through bankruptcy not onlywith dignity but with a chance to lead a good life.  There are other elements to be considered as well. I would like to address one or two of them before giving the floor back to Senator Grassley of Iowa.  We have talked a lot about those who file for bankruptcy. I think it is important that this be a balanced discussion, so that we talk about those who, frankly, are using the credit system in this country to make a great deal of money. Credit cards are one of the most profitable areas of financial endeavor in America. Those who have taken a close look at the interest rates they pay on credit cards understand why. If you happen to be late in making a monthly payment and the balance is held over another month, sometimes the interest rates can be dramatic in comparison to what we pay for mortgages and other loans, like automobile loans. The interest rates, many times, on unsecured debt, like credit card debt, can be substantial.  Unfortunately, I don't believe many credit card companies or other financial institutions are as honest as they should be with American consumers. I will bet most of the people who are listening to this debate will open their mailboxes up today and find a preapproved application for a credit card. We know we are going to find them whenever we go home. If you look at it, you will understand that nobody has analyzed your credit situation. They have basically said: Here is another $100,000 in debt that you can run up if you like, at an interest rate that you may be able to pick out in the fine print on the back of the solicitation.  I visited a football game in Illinois last year where they were passing out free T-shirts to any student at the University of Illinois, Champaign-Urbana, who would take an official University of Illinois credit card. They ran out of T-shirts because the students could not wait to get them. Most of these students ended up with credits cards, most without much income. We don't want to limit opportunities, but we do want honest disclosure. At that particular football game, the credit card company offering this credit card had posted on a banner behind the little booth, ``Permanent introductory rate, 5.9 percent.'' Think about that for a minute. ``Permanent introductory rate''? How does that work? Clearly, at some point in time you are through the introductory period and into a new rate.  I think it is important that there be an honest disclosure of the interest rate people will be charged on credit cards, so that on the myriad--perhaps dozens--of credit card solicitations you receive, you can make the right choice, not just the come-on rate, the attractive 6 percent or something on the envelope. What are you really going to be charged as an interest rate?  I think the credit card companies owe it to us as well to send us, along with the credit card application, a worksheet so that people can say: Let me see, exactly where am I? How many debts do I owe? How much income do I have? Does this worksheet give me an indication as to whether I should go further in debt? I don't think that is unreasonable.  I also think the monthly billings we receive from many of the credit card companies are a mystery to try to figure out, what they mean and what it means if we make certain payments. For example, there will be an amendment offered here, I believe, by the Senator from Rhode Island, Senator Reed, which will say that you cannot have your credit card canceled if you pay off the entire balance each month. Many people are surprised to learn that. They make the payment and say, ``I am a good customer.'' Obviously, they got their bill and paid it. But then the company says: ``We are not interested in your business anymore. If you are not going to carry a debt and pay us interest from time to time, or regularly, then we don't want you as a customer.'' They don't disclose that when you get the card. But you may find that out later on.  Also, if you look at the monthly statement, it says ``minimum monthly payment.'' Well, I think there are some obvious questions that should be answered when they say ``minimum monthly payment.'' If I make that minimum monthly payment, how many months will it take me to pay off the balance if I don't add another penny of debt? How much will I be paying in interest? Those are not unreasonable questions. I think the average consumer should have the answer right there on the monthly statement.  I looked at my own credit card recently just to see what the minimum monthly payment might result in. It resulted in my paying off the balance in a mere 60 months--5 years. That is paying off the current balance with a minimum monthly payment.  The time may come when an individual can't pay off the credit card on a regular basis. They may have a problem and fall behind. That is understandable where the minimum monthly payment may be the only thing they can come up with. I think we have to educate consumers so they don't fall into this trap.  There is another element here that I have learned during the course of this debate. Some people are surprised to know that once they have the credit card in hand and make a purchase, if you have a debt that they are trying to pursue in bankruptcy, the credit card company not only has recourse against you personally but has recourse against whatever items you purchased with the credit card. Surprise, surprise. You turned around and bought a television or a stereo with the credit card, thinking that that was the way you were going to own it, and you get into bankruptcy court and they say that the fine print in the contract says, ``We now own the television.'' I think that should be disclosed. People ought to know that going in. That is another example, in my mind, of the kind of activity that would lead to a more level playing field.  Those critical of the increases in filings for bankruptcy, I think, have some good cause for alarm. There are too many. If we can reduce abusive filings, we should. The average person filing for bankruptcy in America has an income of less than $18,000 a year and average debts of $28,000. So the people we find in bankruptcy court are not the wheelers and dealers and high rollers; they are folks in lower- to middle-income situations who have run into a mountain of debt that they can't cope with. I don't want to see this bill penalize those people. I want to make certain that we are careful that whatever we do does not stop them from coming to court and trying to finally discharge their debts and start again.  There is another element in this bill which I think deserves some consideration and discussion. It is called the homestead exemption.  Under a curiosity in the law, each State can determine how much we can have in a homestead exemption, which means if I go into bankruptcy court in my home State of Illinois and file for bankruptcy, they have decided by statute in that State that the maximum amount which I can claim as the value of my home--I can't recall the exact figure in Illinois, but it is relatively modest. Some States have gone off the charts. That is why we had a couple of instances where noteworthy figures--one a former commissioner of baseball, another a former Governor of one of our States--before filing for bankruptcy, moved to, in this case Florida, and in the other case Texas, and bought million-dollar homes which were exempt under State law. They took everything that they had and plowed it into the home and filed for bankruptcy. The creditors ended up with little or nothing. Thank goodness this bill, because of the amendment offered by Senator Feingold of Wisconsin, is going to eliminate what I consider to be a clever loophole and an abuse in the law.  Should this bill that Senator Grassley and I are working on pass the Senate, we will face a battle in conference because the House of Representatives eliminated that provision and allows each State to set whatever standard they want. I don't think that is fair. I think we ought to have a national standard. We shouldn't have people racing off to establish residency in some State to take advantage of a very generous homestead exemption. That is not fair to creditors. I hope that as a part of this debate we will preserve that important element in the law.  At this time, I reserve the remainder of my time. I yield the floor.  