President, on Saturday morning, in the early morning hours, my wife and I received a telephone call that was a shock to us. A dear friend and close political ally of ours, State Senator Penny Severns of Decatur, IL, had succumbed to cancer in the early morning hours.  I have literally known Penny Severns for over 25 years, since she was a college student. I followed her political career. We had become close and fast friends. The outpouring of genuine warmth and affection for Penny that we have heard over the last few days since the announcement of her death has been amazing.  Penny Severns was 46 years old. A little over 3\1/2\ years ago, she was running for Lieutenant Governor in the State of Illinois, and she discovered during the course of the campaign that she had breast cancer. I think most people, upon hearing that they had cancer, would stop in their tracks, would not take another day on the job, would head for the hospital and the doctor and say that the rest of this could wait. But not Penny Severns. She announced that she was going through the chemotherapy and radiation and then would return to the campaign trail. And she did.  I will tell you, in doing that, she inspired so many of us because her strength, her caring, her spirit, were just so obvious. She finished that campaign and was reelected to the State Senate and announced last year she was going to run for secretary of state in our State of Illinois. She filed her petitions, and within a week or so it was discovered she had another cancerous tumor, and in December she went into the hospital to have it removed. She went through the radiation and chemotherapy afterwards and had a very tough time. Unfortunately, she succumbed to the cancer in the early morning hours last Saturday.  It is amazing to me how a young Democratic State Senator like this could attract the kind of friends she did in politics. Penny was not wishy-washy; when she believed in something, she stood up for it. Yet, if you listened to Republicans and Democrats alike who have come forward to praise her for her career, you understand that something unique is happening here.  There is so much empty praise in politics. We call one another ``honorable'' when we are not even sure that we are. But in this case, people are coming forward to praise State Senator Penny Severns because she truly was unique, not just because she fought on so many important political issues and gave all of her strength in doing that, but because of her last fight, which was her personal fight against cancer, and the fact that she just would not give up and would not give in.  Breast cancer has taken a toll on her family. She lost a younger sister to breast cancer a few years ago, and her twin sister is in remission from breast cancer today. Penny dedicated herself, in the closing years of her service, to arguing for more medical research when it came to breast cancer--not just for her family, but for everybody. That is part of her legacy. She will be remembered for that good fight and so many others.  I have to be honest with the Presiding Officer and the other Members. I would rather not be here at this moment. I would rather be in Decatur, IL, because in just a few hours there will be a memorial service for Penny Severns. My wife will be there, and I wish I could be there, too. But if there is one person in Illinois who would understand why I had to be here on the campaign finance reform debate, it was Penny Severns. I am going to miss her and so will a lot of people in Illinois.  Thank you, Mr. President.  