President. I thank the Senator from Wisconsin who, in the Judiciary Committee, has shown exceptional leadership on this issue, along with the Senator from California.  I defer to my friend from Idaho who spoke earlier about the member of the National Rifle Association executive board. I am certain his knowledge of firearms and handguns surpasses mine. But I will say that his statement, ``No one should use a trigger lock on a loaded gun'' apparently depends on the type of lock involved.  I have in my hand from the Safety Lock Company an advertisement that says:       Lock for life. Hopefully, the garden hose is your kid's      most powerful weapon. You no longer have to choose between      your home security and your children's safety. Safety Lock is      the only child safety lock for guns that can be locked safely      while the gun is loaded, permanently installed on a handgun,      unlocked in a few seconds, even in total darkness.  It appears it depends on the type of trigger lock or safety lock we are discussing as to whether or not the gun should be loaded.  I would like to address what I think is the more central argument made against this amendment by the Senator from Idaho. I am not surprised bythe argument, because we hear it all the time. In legislative circles, it is known as the argument that the best is always the enemy of the good. Someone will come in and say, ``Yes, you may save, oh, 5,000 kids' lives a year, but there are 44,000 other lives out there that you ought to try to save, too.'' I am not going to argue with the Senator from Idaho. I think we should take every reasonable step we can to protect all children in all circumstances.  In this particular case, though, the Senator from California and the Senator from Wisconsin come forward with a practical answer to a problem which haunts families across America with the proliferation of guns in our Nation. They have suggested trigger locks be sold with handguns. It is not an outrageous and radical idea. Law enforcement in America, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation, already uses these trigger locks, and they work.  For the Senator from Idaho to say, well, kids drown in swimming pools, that is a sad reality, too, but we are not about to close down swimming pools. We talk about children being trained, but we also talk about lifeguards and parents' responsibility.  I say to my colleagues, this is about a parent's responsibility, too. No parent is going to take a 2-year-old toddler who has never been in the water and toss him in the swimming pool and walk away. They would never consider it.  Would that parent leave a loaded gun where a 2 or 3-year-old can grab it? Sadly, that is happening time and time again. What we are saying is put a device on that gun that lessens the likelihood that a child is going to be injured.  The National Rifle Association's opposition to this seems to be that it means there is too much Government--too much Government--to ask that we put a safety trigger lock, a child-safety device with each handgun. In States across the United States now, we are adopting laws to mandate children's car seats to protect kids riding in a car. We don't consider that too much Government. We consider that common sense. It is common sense when we are talking about seatbelts, children's car seats, children's seats in airplanes. It is common sense--protect the children. They are too young and immature to protect themselves. A trigger lock does that, too. It is not a matter of too much Government.  The other argument from the National Rifle Association and others is this is too much to ask. You are asking a gun owner to spend another $3, $5 or even $10 to make their gun safe at home?  I don't think that is too much to ask. I really don't. I think this is a reasonable suggestion. I think what you will find is as it becomes commonplace across America, the cost will go down and quality will go up on these trigger locks. That is something that is a reality of life. It is something that is not too much to ask.  The seatbelt analogy, I think, is a good one. The Senator from Idaho made reference to it earlier. What we are talking about here is not putting every gun owner in jail who doesn't have a trigger lock. We are talking about creating an environment of thinking in America.  Let me confess here that when I grew up, the first car I owned didn't have seatbelts in it. I guess you know how old I am. Then for a number of years, I bought cars with seatbelts and promptly sat on them every time I got in the car. Then somebody in my State said, ``Let's pass a law and say you have to buckle your seatbelt.'' I never got arrested for that, and I started using seatbelts. I don't feel all that comfortable without it.  What we are trying to do is say to gun owners across America, ``Please join us. This is not taking your guns away. It is trying to create an environment of safety around children.'' What the Senator from California and the Senator from Wisconsin are suggesting is taking guns seriously. I will offer an amendment later along the same lines, but much like seatbelts, we want people to think twice about those guns.  The Senator from Idaho criticized the bill and said, ``Oh, there are so many teenagers who are misusing guns.'' He is right. There are so many things we need to do about it, and he and I will join in increasing criminal penalties and so many other things that can be done.  In most instances, we are talking about immature children, children who pick up a gun and don't have a clue as to the danger of this weapon, turn it on a playmate, turn it on a sister or brother and tragedy follows.  I think the American people don't believe this is an unreasonable intrusion in their lives. They think it is common sense.  I salute both Senators from California and Wisconsin for their leadership on this. I am happy to stand as a cosponsor of this amendment, and I hope Members of the Senate, gun owners and those who are not gun owners--Democrats and Republicans--will step back for a minute and say this just makes sense. Let us at least save some of these children's lives. Let us put safety into the equation. Let us understand that an industry that has basically fought off every effort to put safety standards on the guns they manufacture should at least not stand in the way of trigger locks to save lives.  I yield back the remainder of my time.  