I sincerely regret there was an objection to it. I would like to ask the minority leader a question, but first I would like to note that over this last break, I made a tour of my State, and I did an interesting thing I never had done before. I visited community hospitals, and I invited the professional nursing and medical staffs to come down and meet with me and talk about this issue. I wanted to find out if my impression of the importance of this issue--what I had seen in the mail, what I had heard from my colleagues--was felt in downstate Illinois, in a small town, in a community hospital.  I found it very interesting that many doctors came into the room to meet with me. They brought their beepers along. Some of them were called off to emergency calls and others with like requirements, but they met there because they wanted to take the time to tell me what they thought.  The stories they told me were amazing. I thought I heard it all on the floor of the Senate about what the insurance companies were doing to American families, how health care was being compromised and why this legislation, which the Senator from South Dakota has suggested, is so important. But when a doctor comes before me and says, ``I had to call the insurance company for approval to admit a patient and they said, `No, we won't go along with your suggestion, your medical advice, send the patient home,' '' this one doctor in Joliet said, ``I finally asked the person on the other end of the line, `Are you a doctor?' ''  He said, ``No.''  He said, ``Are you a nurse?''  He said, ``No.''  He said, ``Do you have a college degree?''  The man said, ``Well, no.''  He said, ``Well, what is your training?''  He said, ``Well, I have a high-school diploma, and I have the insurance company manual that I'm reading from.''  That is what it came down to, and a patient was sent home because this man, with literally no medical education, made a decision based on the insurance manual.  Another doctor told a story, which was just amazing and frightening to any parent, about how a mother brought a son in who had been complaining of chronic headaches on the left side of his head. The doctor examined him and said clearly, ``This is a situation where a CAT scan is warranted, because there may be a tumor present and let's decide very early if that is the case.''  He left the room and called the insurance company. The insurance company said, ``Under no circumstances does that policy allow a CAT scan of that little boy,'' who had been complaining of these headaches for such a long period of time.  The doctor said, ``Not only did they overrule me, but under my contract, when I went back in the room and faced the mother, I couldn't tell that mother that I had just been overruled by an insurance company clerk. I had to act as if it were my decision not to go forward with the CAT scan.''  That is what the gag rule is all about. We are restraining doctors from being honest with their patients, doctors from their honest relationship with parents bringing in children for care.  So when the Senator from South Dakota suggests this unanimous consent request to bring this issue up, I say that my experience in the last few weeks suggests this is a timely issue, an important issue, much more important in many ways than a lot of the things that we have discussed on the floor of the Senate.  My question of the Senator from South Dakota is this: I understand that he has said we must pass the appropriations bills. That is the responsible thing to do. That takes precedence. But he has also said let's move to this bill and allow amendments to it.  We have seen repeatedly here--the Republican leadership has stopped an effort to pass a tobacco bill. The Republican leadership has stopped an effort to pass campaign finance reform. And now it appears the Republican leadership is going to stop an effort to have a Patients' Bill of Rights and do something about managed care.  Can the Senator from South Dakota tell me what is it that is so pressing on this Senate agenda in the next 4 weeks that we cannot set aside even 1 day's time to discuss managed care reform? Is there something that perhaps the majority leader has told the Senator from South Dakota which we missed in the newspapers?  