President, I have one last amendment. Let me apologize. I thought they were going to be considered en bloc. I understand now.  This last amendment is an attempt to address a matter of great concern in an objective manner, and that is the concern of some in the United States that we have expended taxpayers' dollars over the years for the training of foreign military officers and personnel in the United States with sometimes unintended tragic results.  First, let me say, that many of the individuals who have come to the United States from foreign countries to receive military training have returned to their home countries and have served the cause of justice and the cause of civilian control of the military in an admirable way, but there have been notable exceptions.  I will not at this moment offer the amendment that I had planned to offer involving the controversial School of the Americas. I was prepared to offer that amendment which would close down and terminate the School of the Americas. That is an amendment which has been considered for many years in the U.S. House of Representatives, and I voted for it there. I believe we should close that School. That is still my heartfelt belief.  I have spoken to those who share my point of view. It is their belief at this moment that we should not offer that amendment. I follow their advice on the subject.  Instead, I would like to offer for the consideration of the Senate and the House of Representatives and all others an amendment that would require the Inspectors General of the Department of Defense and Department of State to submit a report to Congress which spells out exactly what training is available to foreign military leaders and personnel in the United States, including the location, the duration, the numbers involved, the cost of the training, the purpose and nature of the training and, most importantly, an analysis as to whether that training is consistent with United States foreign policy and the goals of promoting democracy and the civilian control of the military and the promotion of human rights. I think this will set the stage for a more thorough and thoughtful consideration of all of the programs that might involve foreign military officers and personnel being trained in the United States.  Let me say at the outset, I believe that some of these programs are invaluable, that many of the men and women who are participating in them leave the United States and go back to their home countries prepared to really create a new military ethic. I think the United States should continue on that course. But, unfortunately, in the past, particularly in the case of the School of the Americas, there have been some very controversial instances where those who have been trained have responded in ways most of us would consider to be anathema. They have returned to their home countries and have been involved in conduct of which I am sure no one would ever approve.  I ask and urge adoption of the amendment which I have offered.  