President, I am concerned that when we set about dealing with the bankruptcy code and reform, we tried to do it in a balanced fashion in the Senate bill.  Tonight, when you go home, open the mailbox, and you know what you aregoing to find--preapproved credit card applications. If you are an average American, you get 28 a year. If you happen to be in the prime target group, you get many more. A college student, in the first 6 months they are in college, can expect to be inundated. You are 18 years old and you can sign a contract; they can't wait to get you. The dean of students at the University of Indiana tells us that the No. 1 reason kids are leaving school at Indiana is not grades, it is credit card debt. That is what is happening.  So when there is a speech made about the shame of bankruptcy, what about the shame of some of these credit practices?  So what did we suggest be changed as part of this debate? Let me give you an idea of one thing in the Senate bill that was totally rejected by the conference committee. The banks and credit card companies said: This is unreasonable, we don't want it in the bill. This example credit card statement belongs to a staff member who probably used this as a basis for acquiring more salary. We have added to this a provision that would have been from the Senate bill. We would put it at the bottom of your statement, a tiny paragraph, which says: if you pay only the minimum payment due and make no new purchases or advances, it will take you x number of months to pay off your balance, and the total cost will be approximately x.  Does that sound like an outrageous request of a credit card company--that we as consumers would know what the minimum monthly payment means in terms of indebtedness?  This individual has a balance of $1,295. They asked him to make a minimum payment of $26. If we put our provision on this, we would be telling him it would take him 93 months--almost 8 years--to pay off the bill. When it is all said and done, he would be paying $2,418, or almost double the amount of the current balance.  I don't think consumers should be in any way tricked or deceived or the facts concealed. Yet, that is what is happening because this conference committee felt that it was unreasonable to put that burden on a credit card company.  We had another provision that said that these predatory lenders that go after senior citizens--primarily widows in their late years--in the family home, and sign them up for siding and roofs and home repair with a second mortgage with a balloon, and take the house away because they have deceived some poor person, should not be able to walk into bankruptcy court and execute their claim against that person and their home. Predatory credit practices would not allow you a ticket to the bankruptcy court. As soon as this got in conference committee, they ripped it out and said: We don't want to go that far.  Let me tell you what happened as a result. We received a letter from the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. Mr. Lew has written to us--in fact, to the leaders of Congress --within the last 2 days, to say that if this conference report is presented to the President, his senior advisers will recommend that he veto it. Why? Because it is unreasonable. This conference report could have been so good, could have been so fair and so balanced, and it is not.  When it comes to the test that they are going to put someone in bankruptcy court, this is inflexible and unforgiving. Frankly, as a result of it, a lot of people who don't have resources and should not be put through this wringer will face it.  In addition to that is the whole question of class actions. I will concede to the Senator from Iowa that there are undoubtedly class action lawyers who are unscrupulous, but there are also class action lawyers who stand up for consumers who could not afford a day in court by themselves.  Consider this: A major retailer in the United States of America, as a matter of policy, has a coercive practice that when you are in bankruptcy court, they put the hammer on you as a debtor and say: We don't want you to have our debt written off. We want to tell you that you have to re-sign up to pay off this debt on this refrigerator--or car, or set of tools. They put the pressure on them. The person, under pressure, signs it. And it turns out to be a national policy. In fact, it is a national scandal. Only by class action suits on behalf of debtors across America can you go after these major banks and major retailers.  This conference report removes the right of debtors, through classes, to come to court. That was a right under the law before we even considered bankruptcy code reform. And so not only does this bill take away new protections for consumers, it takes away the existing protections for consumers--another reason why the President's Director of the Office of Management and Budget says they will veto this bill, as I believe they should.  There has been a lot said about child support and alimony. Consider how many of the people who go into bankruptcy court have an obligation to pay for the debts of their children and are, frankly, facing a lot of other debts and wondering how they will pay them off. The bottom line on this bill, as the letter from Mr. Lew indicates, is that they are putting more people in line to draw from the limited assets of estates. So a spouse trying to raise children and looking for child support, when they walk out the door in bankruptcy, has less money to turn to.  This bill, unfortunately, does not provide the kind of protection that I believe is absolutely necessary.  When we came to this Senate floor, we adopted a variety of consumer protection provisions that really gave balance to this bill. Almost without exception every single one of them was removed in this conference committee.  The credit industry that promised us they would give us a balanced bill, that they would agree to end abusive practices in their own industry--when they went into that conference committee and closed the door, they basically broke the deal. They walked out of that door with the conference committee report to their liking. The conference committee report, which they are lauding, is one which most of us believe is, frankly, a bill that should not be signed into law.  It is one sided. It is designed to reward the credit industry and to penalize the average consumer. They save the worst treatment for the unlucky families facing bankruptcy. They held aside the mother who depends on child support so that coercive creditors can claim the limited assets of bankrupt spouses. They refuse to protect the widow bilked out of her home by a home repair con artist. They refuse to provide any new credit card disclosure so that consumers can better understand the termination of their card agreements, or monthly bills.  Our purpose in this bill on this side was never to ration credit, but only to say that credit should be more rational, that each of us, as we enter into agreements for credit cards, should be able to understand the terms of the those credit cards and make our own decisions for ourselves, our families, and our businesses. Each and every time we attempted to do that in the bankruptcy bill, it was stripped out in the conference report.  What did they put in instead? A study--a study. So when it comes to nailing the consumers going into bankruptcy court, we need laws. When it comes to protecting the consumers who are trying to understand the terms of credit, they need studies.  That isn't balanced. And that isn't fair.  I think, frankly, that they have gutted the current law which protects consumers in bankruptcy from creditor abuse and manipulation.  This bill rips into low- and middle-income families and still lets the Florida and Texas millionaires hide their assets in mansions featured in Architectural Digest.  What am I talking about? Let's get specific.  There is an actor we have all heard of named Burt Reynolds. Mr. Reynolds is going through bankruptcy. He had a chain of restaurants and that chain of restaurants, unfortunately for him, failed. So when he reached the end of his rope, he decided to file for bankruptcy. But Mr. Reynolds happens to be a resident in the State of Florida.  If you happen to be a lucky resident of a State like Florida or Texas or Kansas, you can buy whatever size home at whatever expense you care to, and basically it is protected from bankruptcy. The rest of us living in other States would find in bankruptcy court that we are only protected to a limited extent. In those States, you are virtually unprotected.  Mr. Reynolds--this is reported in the newspaper; it is not some privileged information--is going to be able to protect a home in bankruptcy valued at $2.5 million.  This has been called the worst single scandal and abuse in the bankruptcy system.  If we set out to clean up the system, how did we overlook this glaring problem? Because, frankly, there are an awful lot of politically powerful people who do not want to see this changed.  We see a former commissioner of baseball moving to Florida and filing for bankruptcy so he can put as much of his assets as possible into a home that can't be attached under bankruptcy.  A former Governor of Texas filing for bankruptcy is buying 200 acres of ranch land protected from bankruptcy. And the average person walking into a bankruptcy court across America doesn't have that kind of a sweetheart deal.  We cleaned that up in the Senate bill. And the conference committee, when they closed the door, basically stripped it out. They made some changes--I will give them credit for that--some modifications.  But when it comes to dealing with the amendment offered by Senator Kohl of Wisconsin, Senator Sessions of Alabama, they are not even close.  If you are talking the shame of bankruptcy, I think it is shameful that we would allow that kind of loophole to continue and say that we have passed a meaningful reform bill.  I come here today in opposition to this bill. I am glad that the administration has indicated that it will veto the bill.  I have said to Senator Grassley and all others who are interested in this subject that I want a fair bill, one that is fair to consumers as well as to creditors. The door is still open for us to come and sit together and try to achieve that.  But those who think they can push this through, that they can slam-dunk this change without taking into consideration the protection of consumers, I think have really done a disservice to families across America--families who count on this Senate and their House of Representatives to listen to their interests, not just to the interests of the banks and the credit industry and the institutions which can afford the high-paid lobbyists in this town.  A few days after our bill passed in the Senate, I ran into a banking lobbyist in this town who said to me with a smile, ``When it is all said and done, your consumer protections are gone.'' She seemed to know already what the outcome would be. I didn't think that was going to happen. I thought when we got into conference we would be able to protect consumers. It didn't happen. What we got was a study--a study instead of a law. A law doesn't protect anybody unless it is enforced. And a study has never protected anybody even if it is enforced.  We need to make certain that if we are going to have real bankruptcy reform, it is balanced reform.  I hope this conference report is ultimately defeated. I hope it is vetoed by the President. I hope we will return to the table and in the spirit of bipartisanship guide us to a Senate bill that passed 97 to 1 on a bipartisan basis. I hope we will come up with that balanced legislation.  I yield the floor.  