President, I rise in support of the Bumpers amendment. I thank the Senator from Arkansas. This is a battle he has been waging for many years. I joined him as a Member of the House, and I am happy to join him as a Member of the Senate.  Some might ask if I have taken leave of my senses to be on the floor of the U.S. Senate debating the elements of the space program with John Glenn on the other side. How do I find myself in that predicament? In this instance, I have to say I disagree with my friend from Ohio and my long-time hero. I believe the Senator from Arkansas is right. In 1984, President Reagan said to the American people that he had a dramatic announcement to make. A permanent-manned space station, an international cooperative effort, is going to be a staging area for further space exploration. It is a great opportunity, and we will be able, at the cost of $8 billion from the U.S. taxpayers to make this happen. Over the years, we have watched the concept diminish and the price explode.  As the Senator from Arkansas explains to us, just last year, after a thorough professional study was done, they gave us an estimate that the first phase of this project would cost--no, not $17 billion, but in fact $24.7 billion, a 40-percent cost overrun. Those who have been watching this project since its inception and suggestion in 1984 have to wonder whether there is any end in sight.  For each year the cost of this project continues to mushroom, the uncertainty grows and the scope of the project diminishes. Over the years, the debate over this space station has been enlarged to go way beyond its original intent. It is now going to be a research laboratory.  I have listened to those who have argued for the space station say with a straight face, ``If we could just have this space station, then we might one day find a cure for AIDS, a cure for cancer. We need to get up in a weightless atmosphere with microgravity research, and that might be the breakthrough.''  Competent scientists rebut that conclusion, and common sense does as well, because we in the United States of America today fund only 20 percent of the approved applications for medical research at the National Institutes of Health. Here on God's green Earth we are unable to come up with the money for sound research to find a cure for diabetes, Alzheimer's, cancer, and heart disease, and instead, we are going to take another $80 billion and plow it into this project and send it up into space.  I know that some people are energized with the idea of space exploration, and I am one of them. I can remember John Glenn, and I can remember the walk on the Moon, and so many other experiences in life, and going down to Cape Kennedy for a liftoff, and to feel that Earth rumble under your feet when that rocket takes off is something you will never forget. That is exciting.  Let me tell you what else is exciting. It is exciting to pick up the morning paper and to read that we have found a cure for a disease. It is exciting to be able to tell the parent of a child that their baby can live, that we have come through with a new medical breakthrough. It is exciting for us to know that the next generation may not have to worry as much about Parkinson's and Alzheimer's. I find these revelations just as exciting, if not more so, than a space liftoff.  The Senator from Arkansas presents a challenge to us today. He basically is saying to this Chamber, Will you look at the facts as presented? Will you acknowledge the dramatic increase in cost of this space station? Will you come to the understanding, as we did with the Superconducting Super Collider--that big tunnel in Texas, which we finally decided was headed for nowhere--come to the conclusion that this $80 billion could be better spent right here on Earth for real needs of real people, whether it is in the area of medical research or education?  I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Senator from Arkansas and to defeat this funding for the space station.  Thank you, Mr. President.  