President, I thank the majority leader for announcing the schedule this morning. Those who have followed the last few days of Senate debate know we are considering a reform of the bankruptcy code. We will be joined shortly by the Senator from Connecticut, Senator Dodd, who will offer an amendment.  For those who have not paid attention to this debate, I hope that they have followed at least the outline of it and understand that what we are about is to try to change the bankruptcy code in a way that will reduce abusive filings--in other words, people who may be going into bankruptcy court to file for bankruptcy in a situation where they can, in fact, pay back either their debts or a sizable portion of those debts. We have tried to address this at several different levels. We have had a spirited debate about how to do it.  We understand the complexity of this. Historically, there has been a national commission which has taken a look at this rather complicated area of the law. I find myself in an unusual position here, having worked with my staff and studied this issue for a year, because I come to this with an interesting experience when it comes to bankruptcy law. Thirty years ago, I took a course in bankruptcy in law school. Twenty years ago, I was appointed trustee of a bankruptcy in my hometown of Springfield, IL, in one case. Now I bring that wealth of experience to this debate in an attempt to try to find our way through a very complicated area of the law. It was interesting.  Yesterday, when I spoke to a colleague of mine about bankruptcy, shehad said that she was surprised to learn how few people file bankruptcy with incomes over $50,000 a year. I told her that the average income of a person filing for bankruptcy in the United States of America is less than $18,000. So folks who are going into bankruptcy court, by and large, are people of very limited means. The average debt of the person going into bankruptcy court is about $28,000.  So if we are out to stop the high rollers and the abusers of the system, I hope that we take care in this bill, as well as in conference, to protect the vast majority of people petitioning the bankruptcy court for relief of their debts, who are, in fact, in lower-income categories, with a debt that is beyond their comprehension or at least their control.  As we go about these changes, I am glad to see that we have included amendments that not only try to tighten up the procedures in the bankruptcy court, but also say to the people in the credit industry that they have an equal obligation here. We want you to continue to extend credit across America so that American families and businesses can use credit cards and second mortgages and other things to finance their lives and businesses; but we want you to be certain that you follow some rules, too.  We have talked a lot about personal responsibility here when it comes to consumers. I think that is a valid observation. We also want to speak to corporate responsibility, so that those who are peddling these credit cards around the country, in fact, give full disclosure to the would-be consumers about the terms. Many of us will go home tonight and look through the mail, and you know what you are going to find--a stack of preapproved credit card applications. It is luring. People say: This can be easy. I will take all my debts and put them on one card. Look at this low interest rate; this is terrific. Let's do this right away.  Yet, they find that it is a teaser rate and only applies for a few months. If they decide in some instances to pay off their credit card at the end of each month, they may face a penalty. Yes, a penalty for paying off the balance on your card because, of course, the company makes money if you continue to really roll over the debt month after month and pay interest.  Senator Reed of Rhode Island successfully offered an amendment that said that you have to have full disclosure if that is going to occur, and other amendments in this bill try to say to the consumers that you have a right to know, too. For example, if you pay the minimum monthly balance on your credit card, we have a provision in this bill that says you should state right under it how long it will take to pay off the credit card debt and how much you will pay in interest if you pay the minimum monthly amount.  So we are trying to strike a balance here--a balance that says those who come into court have to be, in fact, deserving of bankruptcy procedure, and that those who extend credit in this country have to be more open and honest in the way that they deal with consumers. I think that is the right balance. It still puts the burden on each of us to make the right decisions for ourselves and our families. It gives us the information about the credit card companies to make that decision more knowledgeably and with an understanding of what we are getting into.  At this time, I see my colleague from the State of Connecticut is here to offer his amendment under the unanimous consent agreement.  