President, first I thank my colleague from New Jersey for his fine statement, as well as my colleague from Iowa. The Senator from New Jersey and I have introduced legislation which attempts to streamline this entire process. It is mind-boggling to try to come to grips with the many different agencies and laws that apply to food safety inspection in America. Though that is not the object of the amendment of the Senator from Iowa, it is something which I hope on another day the Senate will address. Tothink that there are some six different Federal agencies with the responsibility of food inspection, some 35 different laws and a crazy quilt of jurisdiction which not only wastes taxpayers' dollars, but creates risk for consumers is unacceptable.  What we address today is more immediate, different than a change of jurisdiction within agencies. It is to address the immediate need to assure the consumers of America that its Government is doing all in its power to protect them at their family tables.  This issue first came to my attention about 3 or 4 years ago. I certainly heard about the E. coli outbreaks in Jack-in-the-Box and the others that were well publicized, but I received a letter when I was a Member of the House of Representatives from a lady in Chicago. I didn't represent the city, but she sent me a letter when she heard we were debating modernizing our food inspection system.  In this handwritten letter, Nancy Donley of Chicago told the tragic story of going to the local grocery store to buy hamburger for her 6-year-old son Alex, coming home and preparing it. Alex ate the hamburger and within a few days was dead, dead from E. coli-contaminated hamburger, which led to one of the most gruesome episodes one can imagine.  Your heart breaks to think of a mother and father standing helplessly by a hospital bed wondering what is taking the life away from this little boy whom they love so much. She tells in graphic detail how Alex's body organ by organ shut down until he finally expired because of contamination in a food product.  It brought to my attention an issue which I had not thought about for a long time, because you see, unlike some Members of the Senate, I have some personal knowledge when it comes to this issue, not just because I eat, which all of us do, but 30 years ago, I worked my way through college working in a slaughterhouse in East St. Louis, IL. I spent 12 months of my life there, and I saw the meat inspection process and the meat processing firsthand.  I still eat meat, and I still believe America has the safest food supply in the world, but I am convinced that we need to do more. The world has changed in 30 years. The distribution network of food in the United States has changed. When I was a young boy, it was a local butcher shop buying from a local farmer processing for my family. Now look at it--nationwide and worldwide distribution, sometimes of a great product but sometimes of a great problem. That some contaminated beef last year led to the greatest meat recall in our history is just a suggestion of the scope of this problem. A contamination in one plant in one city can literally become a national problem.  This chart that Senator Harkin of Iowa brought before us doesn't tell what happened across the United States in 1 year. It tells us what happened in 1 month, June of 1998. These were the outbreaks and recalls in the United States of America. I am sorry to say, with the possible exception of New York, my home State of Illinois was hit the hardest, for you see, we had over 6,000 people in the Chicago area who were felled by some food-related illness that might have been associated with potato salad--6,000 people. We are still searching to find exactly what caused it.  We had a hearing with Senator Collins of Maine just a few days ago in the Governmental Affairs Committee which took a look at the importation of fruits and vegetables. She focused--and I think it was an excellent hearing--on Guatemalan raspberries that came into the United States contaminated with cyclospora, and, of course, caused illnesses for many people across the United States.  The fascinating thing, the challenging part of that testimony was that if you look at our inspection process today, there is no way for us to detect the presence of that bacteria, nor is it easy for any doctor to diagnose a person as having been stricken by that illness.  As we trace those imports in the United States of fruits and vegetables, we find that we face a new challenge in addition to this broadening distribution network. It is a challenge where our appetites have changed, and where we enjoy the bounty of produce from all over the world. So our concerns which used to be focused on the United States and partially on imported fruits and vegetables have expanded dramatically. Now we worry about imported fruits and vegetables from the far corners of the world.  We worry about contaminations which we never heard of before which could, in fact, affect literally millions of Americans. The challenge of food inspection is changing dramatically.  Let me give you another illustration about what is happening. Most of us can recall, when we were children, when mom would bake a cake or make cookies, and she finished putting it all together, and you were standing dutifully by waiting for the cookies or the cake, she would hand you the mixing bowl--and you would reach in with a spoon or spatula and taste a little bit of the dough, cake batter, whatever it might be. As you see, I did that many times; and I appreciated it very much.  You know, now that is dangerous. You know why it is dangerous? Because of the raw eggs that are part of the mix. It used to be that the salmonella was traced to the shell of the egg, so if the shell fell in the batter, you would say, ``Oh, that's something we need to be concerned about.'' But, sadly, within the last few years they have found the salmonella inside the egg. So you can never be certain handing that mixing bowl to a tiny tot in the kitchen that you are not inviting a foodborne illness that could be very serious.  Things are changing. We need to change with them. When President Clinton stepped forward and said, ``America's concerned about this problem and American families realize they can't protect themselves as individuals, they're counting on us to do the job,'' he challenged us to fund it. Sadly, we are not funding it in this bill.  That is why the Senator from Iowa, Senator Harkin, Senator Kennedy, Senator Torricelli, and I are offering this amendment to increase the funds.  What will we do with them?  First, increase the number of inspectors. We clearly need more people on the borders taking at look at the process and the fresh food coming into the United States. I have been there. I have been to Nogales, Mexico, Nogales, AZ. I have seen that border crossing.  I have followed the FDA inspection all the way from the trucks to the samples taken into the laboratory in Los Angeles, CA, to be tested; and I can tell you that, though it is good, it is far from perfect.  In most instances, by the time they have tested that sample of fruits or sample of vegetables, and if they find anything wrong with it, it is long gone, it is already on the grocery shelves somewhere in America. Oh, they are going to be more watchful the next time around, but they cannot protect us with the resources presently available.  President Clinton said we can do more, and we should do more. We also need to look into this whole question of surveillance. As we noted here, this distribution system around the Nation really calls on us to move quickly. If we find a problem at a processing plant in my home State of Illinois, we need to know very quickly whether or not it has been spread across the United States so that recalls can take place.  We need more research, too, research on these foodborne illnesses, how they can be averted and avoided. I think we can achieve that, as we should. The Senator from New Jersey had the most telling statistic: 53,000 different food production sites around America, 700 inspectors. We will never have an inspector for every site. We certainly can do better than we have at the present time.  Let me also say that the offset that the Senator from Iowa is offering to us is a very good one. I am personally aware of it because a large part of it represents an amendment which I have offered for several years, first in the House and then in the Senate. It answers a question which virtually all of us, as politicians--Senators and Members of Congress--face.  How many times I have gone into a town meeting and someone raises their hand and says, ``Senator, let me ask you a question. If you tell us that tobacco is so dangerous, why does the Federal Government subsidize it?'' Well, I will tell you, there is not a very good answer to that question.  This amendment being offered by the Senator from Iowa finally puts to rest and answers that question. We are going to stop subsidizing the growing of tobacco in America. We are going to stop asking taxpayers across the United States to pay for a subsidy to the tobacco-growing industry.  I have offered this amendment before. I have never had a better use of it than what the Senator from Iowa is offering today. Take the taxpayers' money now being invested in the cultivation and growth of this deadly product, tobacco, take that money, put it into food safety.  There is a real justice to this amendment and what the Senator is offering so that we can say to people, we are not only stopping this Federal subsidy of the cultivation of tobacco, we are trying to protect children, the elderly, and those who have some health problems that may make them particularly vulnerable. So I heartily support the offset which is being offered by the Senator from Iowa.  