 President, let me say Senator McCain and Senator Graham can speak for themselves, but neither of them has ever been in favor of closing Guantanamo without a plan to do something. They want to see what the plan is to deal with these terrorists. Beyond that, they can speak for themselves. But they are not in favor of closing Guantanamo without a plan.  With regard to the suggestion that we should bring these prisoners to the United States and try them, my good friend from Illinois has suggested there is no down side to that. Why not do it? We could. But the question is, Should we? We should not because we passed the military commissions for the purpose of trying these very detainees. There are courtrooms and a $200 million state-of-the-art facility at Guantanamo to both incarcerate them and to try them. We know no one has ever escaped there, and we know we haven't been attacked again since 9/11.  But let's assume we did bring them up here for trial. My good friend has suggested no harm done. During the Ramzi Yousef trial, he tipped off terrorists to a communications link. During the Zacarias Moussaoui trial, there was inadvertently leaked sensitive material. The east Africa Embassy bombing trials aided Osama bin Laden. The blind Sheikh Abdel-Rahman trial provided intel to Osama bin Laden. When you have these kinds of trials in a regular American criminal setting, there are down sides to it.  In terms of community disruption, I would cite the mayor of Alexandria, VA, right across the river. Ask himhow he felt about the impact of the Moussaoui trial on their community.  So I think the suggestion that somehow it is a good solution to bring these terrorists to the United States and to mainstream them into the U.S. criminal justice system is simply misplaced. If they are convicted, we don't have a good place for them. Everybody cited the supermax facility. Well, there is no room there. It is quite full. We have the perfect place for these detainees, for them to be detained and to be tried and ultimate decisions made.  I share the view of the Senator from Illinois that the previous administration did not engage in those military tribunals as rapidly as we all would like. They had a lot of disruptions from lawsuits and other things, and I expect they would argue that slowed them down. But I think they are in the right place--the right place to be incarcerated and the right place to have their cases disposed of.  Mr. President, my friend from Arizona is here and wants to address this, or another issue, and so I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Bennet). The Senator from Illinois.  