 President, the opening of a new Congress is always an important moment in the life of our Nation. Every time a gavel falls on a new legislative term, we are reminded of the grandeur of the document we are sworn to uphold. We are grateful to the citizens of our respective States--in my case the people of Kentucky--who give us the opportunity to serve. We are thankful once again that the U.S. Constitution has endured to guarantee the freedom and the prosperity of so many for so long.  The growth of our Nation over the years is one of the most remarkable feats of man, and it was far from inevitable. When Congress first organized under the Constitution, the United States consisted of 11 States and 3 million citizens. Today, more people than that live in Kentucky alone. Yet despite a bloody Civil War, the arrival of millions of immigrants, economic collapse, World Wars, social unrest, and the long-delayed realization of America's original promise of equality for all, we have come together as a body and as a nation. We have not just endured these things, we have flourished, and that is well worth remembering and celebrating as the 111th Congress convenes.  As we meet in January of 2009, America faces many serious challenges. None is more urgent than our troubled economy. President-elect Obama was one of those who recognized the gravity of the current troubles early on. He reassured many by fielding a solid team of economic advisers. He agrees with Republicans that we should put more money in the pockets of middle-class American families by cutting their taxes, and he has proposed working with Republicans to create jobs and to encourage long-term economic stability with a massive domestic spending bill the details of which Members of Congress and the American people are increasingly eager to see.  After a long and rough campaign season, it is encouraging for many Americans to see that the two parties in Washington are in broad agreement about something so important to their daily lives. And Republicans will work with President-elect Obama to make sure that as we consider this legislation the taxpayer is not taken for a ride.  All of us agree the economy needs help. We are concerned and taxpayers are concerned. But if we are going to appropriate an unprecedented amount of money from the Treasury for this spending bill, it is absolutely essential that we determine up front whether the spending is going to be wasteful or wise.  Specifically, the American people should have at least a week, and it looks as if we will have more than that, to see what this enormous spending plan includes. President Clinton proposed a $16 billion stimulus package in his first year in office. Congress, back in 1993, rejected it for being too expensive. Now Democrats in Congress are proposing a stimulus that wouldcost taxpayers more than 50 times what President Clinton's would have cost.  This potentially $1 trillion bill would be one of the largest spending bills in U.S. history. It would increase the deficit by a half trillion dollars overnight and deepen an already enormous national debt.  Before we all agree to it, the American people need to see the details. They need to be able to see for themselves whether this is money well spent. If lawmakers think it is, then they need to make a convincing case to the people who are paying for it.  Now, 16 years ago we rejected a similar stimulus the size of the Minnesota State budget. We should not be rushed into voting for a bill that, by any estimate, will be bigger than all 50 State budgets combined, especially when many of the jobs it promises will not even materialize for another year. If we are serious about protecting the taxpayer, these projects will be awarded through a fair and open process and allowed to compete with other priorities in the budget. We should encourage, not discourage, questions about this bill in a reckless rush to meet an arbitrary deadline. We should be open to new ideas aimed at protecting the taxpayer.  Here are three new ideas worth considering: Congressional Democrats have talked about sending hundreds of billions of dollars to the States. If we loan those funds rather than give them away, States will be far less likely to spend the money frivolously, and the taxpayer would have greater assurance their money is well spent.  Idea No. 2: Congress has had nearly 1 year to review the fiscal 2009 spending requests. These remaining bills now make up a $400 billion Omnibus appropriations bill. This is a bill that meets the level of spending proposed for the stimulus, and it is a bill that could pass Congress by Inauguration Day. If speed is one of the goals, it strikes me that passing the omnibus achieves that goal.  Idea No. 3, middle-class tax relief: One way to get more money into people's pockets quickly is to increase the size of their paychecks immediately. An immediate 10 percent cut in taxes for nearly 30 million Americans would provide a significant jolt to the economy that all of us want. These are ideas on which both parties could agree. Each of them is designed to protect and empower the taxpayer. So let's consider them. But either way the American people should be in on this spending plan because the potential for waste and abuse is enormous.  Now, some loose-lipped local politicians have already described the grant as ``free money'' from Washington. Others openly hope to use it on frivolous pet projects that no sensible taxpayer would sign off on if they had a choice. The American people do not want to be pick-pocketed. They do not want to be taken advantage of. They want a real return on their investment, and all of us should be eager to show that we understand the difference.  President-elect Obama has said a stimulus plan will have to create jobs, have an immediate impact, and lead to the strengthening of the long-term economy. Republicans agree, and we will help to ensure just that by insisting on scrutiny and oversight in the face of pressure on congressional Democrats from interest groups and local politicians.  Here is an issue on which the Republicans and Democrats can work together for a positive result for the American people. My hope is that once we achieve it, we will have a model to build on for the remainder of the 111th Congress. The opportunities for cooperation are numerous. Throughout his campaign, President-elect Obama spoke about the importance of a strong national defense. He spoke of the need to reduce the national debt. He vowed to go through the budget line by line to cut wasteful programs. He pledged to cut taxes on virtually all Americans and on small business. And he promised to put America on the path to energy independence within the next 10 years. These are all goals Republicans support. At this moment, nothing should stand in the way of our achieving them together.  I have told the new President I am eager to work with him. I have told him he can expect cooperation on the confirmation of qualified nominees to key Cabinet posts so the American people do not have to worry about a power vacuum at places such as the Pentagon, the State Department, Treasury, or Homeland Security. I have discussed with him something he already knows but which is worth repeating on the first day of the new Congress. When it comes to new Presidents, history offers a clear path, a clear path to success and a clear path to failure.  Some new Presidents have chosen to work with the other party to confront the big issues of the day that neither party is willing or able to tackle on its own. Others have decided they would rather team up with members of their own party and focus on narrow, partisan issues that only appeal to a tiny sliver of the populace but which lack the support of the American mainstream.  In my view, the choice at this particular moment is clear. If the new President pursues the former course, our chances of achieving a positive for the American people will be strong. The parties will continue to disagree. This is good for democracy, but political conflict is not an end in itself. At this moment we have an opportunity to show the American people, and we know that.  The majority leader has mentioned that this year the opening of Congress coincides with two important anniversaries. The first is Senator Byrd's 50th anniversary. This feat of longevity has no equal in the history of this body, and this is quite fitting for a Senator who has no equal in the history of this body.  When Robert Carlyle Byrd took the oath of office on January 5, 1959, he could not have known that he would be the longest serving Senator in U.S. history or that he would one day write this body's definitive history. But through the support of his beloved Erma, his legendary devotion to our Constitution, and his tireless will to improve the lives of the people of his State, the senior Senator from West Virginia has accomplished a remarkable feat, and today we honor him for it.  The other anniversary we commemorate today is no doubt dear to Senator Byrd's heart because 150 years ago this very month the Senate moved from its old home down the hall, where we had the reenactment of the swearing in of new Senators today--its old home down the hall, to the room we are in now. This transition meant far more in its day than the mere packing of books and rearranging of desks because back then, as now, every expansion of the Capitol has come with a fresh realization of the great adaptability of the U.S. Constitution and is further proof of its greatness.  According to the Congressional Record, the man who was selected to speak on the occasion of the Senate's relocation in 1859 was John Breckenridge, a Democrat and a Kentuckian who served as Vice President under President Buchanan.  In his remarks, Breckenridge offered an eloquent lesson on the history of the Senate and, after paying appropriate tribute to the heroes of the Revolution, he made an intriguing suggestion to the Senators of his day. Breckenridge suggested that the Senators of 1859 had an even greater responsibility than the Senators of 1789 because, as he put it, ``the population, extent, and the power of our country surpass the dawning promise of its origin.''  If this was true in 1859, it is truer still in 2009. Americans have seen quite vividly over the past 8 years, and even over the past few months, that the challenges which confront America and our response to those challenges have a powerful effect on the wider world.  Not a single Member of this body is unaware of the profound impact of his or her decisions. And that is why not a single Senator in this body wishes anything but the best to President-elect Obama.  Despite party differences, all of us feel a certain institutional pride in having one of our own in the White House. And every American will feel a special national pride when, for the first time in our Nation's history, an African American man raises his hand to recite the oath of office from the Capitol steps.  The President-elect has promised leadership that sees beyond the politics of division. But that responsibilitydoes not rest with the President alone. It rests with all of us. Before Inauguration Day, there is the opening of this 111th Congress. This too is a great civic ritual. And this too should renew our optimism about the future of America and our optimism about achieving something important for the American people over these next 2 years. Now is our chance to deliver--not just in word, but in deed. This is a solemn charge. For some, it might cut against the grain. But if we are to have a future worthy of our past, it is a charge that must be kept.  I yield the floor.  