 President, our good friend from Iowa, Senator Grassley, has cast his 10,000th vote. Senator Grassley has been a distinguished Member of this body for 29 years and, in my view, the Nation is always a lot better off when people are paying very close attention to Chuck Grassley.  Over the course of the past two centuries, nearly 2,000 men and women have served in the Senate. Fewer than 30 have cast more votes than Chuck Grassley. Only one other Senator from Iowa has served longer. This year Senator Grassley will mark 50 years of public service to the people of the Hawkeye State. While some Members of Congress have a tendency to lose touch with their constituents, Senator Grassley has always worked hard to make sure he never did. He has made it his business to stay connected to the folks back home by holding at least one townhall meeting a year in all of Iowa's 99 counties and by responding to every letter, postcard, e-mail, and phone call his office receives from Iowans.  He also stays close to the land by working his family farm, even while he keeps up with his duties in Washington. Chuck Grassley may be a U.S. Senator, but he has always preferred to be known as ``a farmer from Butler County.'' Visitors to the Grassley farm say it is not uncommon to see Senator Grassley pulling a cell phone out from under his baseball cap while riding on his tractor. Remind me never to borrow Senator Grassley's cell phone.  A 1955 graduate of the University of Northern Iowa, Senator Grassley ran for the Iowa House at the age of 23 and lost. But this is a man, the Des Moines Register once wrote, for whom the word ``dogged'' was invented. Three years later, at age 25, he won that seat in the House, and Iowa voters have been reelecting him ever since, including five terms in the Senate.  Over the years, Senator Grassley has distinguished himself for his tenacity and his commitment to the public interest. Whistleblower amendments that he has sponsored have recovered $18 billion to the U.S. Treasury. He has kept a watchful eye on spending at the Pentagon and, as the top Republican on the Senate Finance Committee, he has been an equal opportunity foe of loopholes, closing them to corporations and individuals alike. He has also done the hard work of following up on these and other accountability measures he has authored over the years.  Senator Grassley has a lot to be proud of in his career. He and Barbara are also rightly proud of their 54 years of marriage, their five children, and nine grandchildren. Chuck couldn't have foreseen such an eventful life when he and Barbara met, and Barbara probably certainly didn't expect that 30 years of marriage would pass before she finally got her diamond engagement ring. We all know it is probably because Chuck didn't want to spend that money.  Senator Grassley has been a farmer, a father, a government watchdog, a steward of the Nation's finances; in short, he is a real statesman. 