 This is an issue which has grave implications for our Nation's security, and we really need to get it right. So this morning, I wish to spend a few minutes explaining why the administration would do well to reconsider its approach to Guantanamo, an approach that looks even hastier now than when it was first announced back in January.  One of the most obvious problems the administration faces on this issue is what to do with these inmates once Guantanamo is closed. This is not a new concern. Ever since the United States started using Guantanamo as a detention facility after the invasion of Afghanistan, Government officials and legal thinkers have tried to come up with ways of dealing with enemy combatants who don't fall into the traditional categories of war. No one denies that the United States is legally entitled to capture and to hold enemy fighters to prevent them from returning to battle, but their release and repatriation have proved to be extremely complicated. As the years have passed, these questions have become even more complicated--not less--than they were back in 2001.  Just this week, a number of European countries that had previously offered to help the administration find a new home for about 60 of the remaining 241 inmates at Guantanamo began to backpedal. Some of these countries now indicate they won't take any of these inmates unless the United States agrees to take some of them as well and agrees to put them in American prisons. This is clearly a dodge since the American people appear to be even less interested in housing these inmates than the Europeans are. Well, if there is no place for these terrorists to go in Europe and no place for them to go in the United States, an obvious question arises: Where else can they go? At the moment, there is no answer to that most important question.  When the question of sending detainees to U.S. soil was put to the Senate in the summer of 2007, the vote against it was 94 to 3. We had that vote right here in the Senate in the summer of 2007, and by a vote of 94 to 3 Members of the Senate said they did not want these Guantanamo prisoners on U.S. soil. This is not only a good reflection of where public opinion is on the issue, it is also notable that four of the votes cast were Senators from Kansas and Colorado, States that are most often mentioned as possibilities to house the inmates. One of these Senators, Ken Salazar, is now in the Obama administration, and former Kansas Governor Kathleen Sebelius, who also opposes sending inmates to Kansas, is the administration's pick to head the Department of Health and Human Services. So the bottom line here is that it is hard to find anyone anywhere, even inside the Obama administration, who wants their State to become the next home to captured violent terrorists.  Now, there is a reason no one wants to have these guys nearby. Over the years, the pool of prisoners at Guantanamo has become only more dangerous, not less, and those who remain include dozens of proud and self-proclaimed--proud and self-proclaimed--members of al-Qaida. Many have been directly linked to some of the worst terrorist attacks in history, including some who had direct knowledge--direct knowledge--of September 11. Others have trained or funded terrorists, made bombs or presented themselves as potential suicide bombers.  We recently got a vivid glimpse into the minds of these men when a number of them responded in writing to the Government's charges against them. Here are some of the excerpts from the document which was signed by five men whose names appear on the chart right behind me:       With regard to these nine accusations that you are putting      us on trial for--  So said one of the terrorists--     to us, they are not accusations. To us, they are badges of      honor which we carry with pride . . . therefore, killing you      and fighting you, destroying you and terrorizing you,      responding back to your attacks, are all considered to be      great legitimate duty in our religion.  Later on, these men refer to the September 11 attacks as ``the blessed 11 September operation.''  Toward the end of the document, they make a statement and a prediction. Here is what they said:       We ask to be near to God, we fight you and destroy you and      terrorize you. . . . your end is very near and your fall will      be just as the fall of the towers on the blessed 9/11 day. .      . . so we ask from God to accept our contributions to the      great attack, the great attack on America, and to place our      nineteen martyred brethren among the highest peaks in      paradise. . . .  One of the most chilling statements in the document is the simple assertion by these men, quoted on the chart behind me:       We are terrorists to the bone.  ``We are terrorists to the bone.''  This is how they see themselves. 