 President, I rise this afternoon to join my colleagues in offering my support and sympathy and certainly everything we can do from my home State of Washington to so many of our fellow Americans who are suffering so tragically from the outfall of Hurricane Katrina. I want them to know we will do everything we can to make sure we are there for them.  I have to say that over the past week, citizens from this end of the country to my end of the country on the west coast have been glued to their television screens and really overwhelmed by the tremendous devastation and the unfathomable suffering of so many of our fellow Americans. The images have become almost too much to bear, watching families without food and water, people who have been trapped on their roofs, people searching for their loved ones. People have come up to me everywhere when I have gone through my State over the last week. My office has been inundated by calls from my fellow citizens in Washington State who are really horrified at the conditions they have seen on TV. They are asking, rightfully, what can we do to help and how can we be there for ourcitizens? They are reaching into their own pockets and doing everything they can, and that truly has been heartwarming to see.  They are also asking, How could this have happened? I have to say that people in my home State are upset and, really, with good reason. Our Government failed in its initial response. We now have to see that we succeed in this ongoing recovery. That certainly is my focus right now.  There is going to be a lot of time for hard questions and accountability, but I think today we need to focus on meeting the tremendous needs that rescue workers and our guard and police forces are meeting on the ground. We also need to recognize that the recovery area is now no longer just limited to the gulf coast. As Americans have opened their hearts and their homes and they have opened up their communities and their stadiums and their hospitals and their homes in towns and cities from coast to coast, that need has spread across the country.  Shortly, in my home State of Washington, we are expecting to welcome 2,000 evacuees. Nearly 200 of them are going to arrive by this Thursday, and we need to make sure we are doing everything and being prepared to meet their needs as they come to our States. Right now we have to ensure that the evacuees have the bare essentials, that they have food, clothing, and shelter. We also have to make sure we are preparing for the long term.  For most children in this country, as we all know, this week marks a very exciting time, the beginning of the school year, a time that they head off to meet their new teachers and reconnect with old friends and make new ones. For all of the children who have been displaced from their homes and their school districts by the effects of Hurricane Katrina, the beginning of the school year is really the least of their worries. But we will need to come together as a country to help these schools across the Nation that are taking in these students from the gulf coast.  I just heard on the television before I came here that there will be probably 200,000 or more of these young students, and we have to do everything we can to absorb the costs and help the transition for these children and families, to make it as smooth as possible.  We also need to make sure we pay special attention to funding for support for homeless and foster children and ensure that the most vulnerable among us have the support they need to succeed and to build brighter futures again.  In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, many different sectors of our transportation system have also stepped up to the plate to deliver critical service, and because this region's infrastructure is so devastated we need to immediately explore alternatives to moving people and freight throughout the region. I think we all know it is going to take time to get our transportation infrastructure back to where it was, but we need to start concentrating on that and getting systems put in place now as well.  Rest assured, I will be asking very hard questions in the days to come about what went wrong and what we need to do to ensure that Americans never endure such preventable suffering again. All of those questions will be explored in detail, but right now I am going to continue to make sure that we are providing the immediate support that our families and our communities again need. Once again, I just want to say my thoughts and my prayers go out to everyone who has been touched by this disaster.  I see my colleague from Illinois who has been down in the region is on the floor with us. I look forward to hearing about his firsthand experience as well.  