 President, along with my colleagues, Senators Leahy, Dayton, Dodd and Corzine, I am introducing legislation that, if adopted, will protect and even save the lives of victims of domestic or sexual violence and their families. This bill, the Security and Financial Empowerment (SAFE) Act, addresses the impact of domestic and sexual violence that extends far beyond the moment the abuse occurs.  I am introducing this legislation today as a tribute to Paul and Sheila Wellstone, who were such champions for victims of domestic violence. Senator Wellstone and I first introduced this legislation together in 1998. Paul's desk was just behind me here on the Senate floor. I can still see him behind me waving his arms and making the case for people who have no voice.  Not long ago, domestic violence was considered a family problem, and many victims had nowhere to turn for help.  Today, thanks to the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) we have made great progress in fighting these violent crimes. I worked to help pass this landmark legislation in 1994 and I am proud to be a part of reauthorizing it this year. But although VAWA has been a great success in coordinating victims' advocates, social service providers and law enforcement professionals to meet immediate challenges, there is still work to be done.  As someone who has spent my entire public life working with victims and experts to fight domestic violence, I am offering this bill based on what these courageous individuals have told me they need. Financial insecurity is a major factor in ongoing domestic violence. Too often, victims who are not economically self sufficient are forced to choose between protecting themselves and their children and keeping a roof over their heads. It is critical that we help guarantee the economic security of victims of domestic or sexual violence so that they can provide permanent safety for themselves and their families and so that they are not forced, because of economic dependence, to stay in an abusive relationship.  In order to do this, we must ensure that victims of domestic or sexual violence can seek the help they need without the fear of losing their jobs. Too many victims have been fired for missing work in order to find shelter or get a court restraining order, even after receiving permission from their employers. Today, a woman can use the Family and Medical Leave Act to care for a sick or injured spouse, but she cannot use that act to seek protection from her abuser. 