 President, I come to the floor this evening to join my colleagues to talk about the Senate's deliberations on some of our administration's judicial nominations. It is very clear to me this is a debate about basic American values. In drafting the Constitution, the Framers wanted the Senate to provide advice and consent on nominees who came before us to ensure that these very rights and values were protected. I believe as a Senator I have a responsibility to stand up for those values on behalf of my constituents from my home State of Washington.  Many activists today are complaining that certain Senators are attacking religious or conservative values. I must argue that it is others, not Democratic Senators, who are exercising their rights, who are pursuing a nomination strategy that attacks the basic values that were outlined in our Constitution.  Our democracy values debate. It values discussion. Our democracy values the importance of checks and balances. Our democracy values an independent judiciary. But with this nuclear option and the rhetorical assault that is being launched at Democratic Senators by activists around the country, we now see those values under attack. The nuclear option is an assault on the American people and many of the things we hold dear. It is an attempt to impose on the country, through lifetime appointments, the extreme values held by a few at the cost of many. It is the tyranny of the majority personified. Confirming these nominees by becoming a rubberstamp for the administration would be an affront to the 200-year-old system we have in place, a system of checks and balances. At the same time I have to say it would be an affront to the values I promised to defend when I came to the Senate.  It is not always easy. Building and maintaining a democracy is not easy. But our system and the rights and the values it holds dear are the envy of the world. In fact, the entire world looks at us as a model for government. It is our values they look to. We have to protect them, not only for us but for other fledgling democracies around the world.  I returned recently from a bipartisan trip we took to Israel, Iraq, Georgia, and Ukraine, where we saw up close leaders who are working very hard towrite constitutions, to write laws, to write policies. They were working hard, all of them, to assure that even those who did not vote in the majority in their country would have a voice.  The challenges were varied in every country we went to. They faced everything from protecting against terrorists to, in some cases, charging for electricity for the first time, to, in other cases, reforming corrupt institutions. But making sure that democracies survive means having debates, it means bringing people to the table, and it means making tough decisions. But in each case, the importance of not disenfranchising any group within that country was an important part of making sure that democracy worked.  So how we in this country accomplish the goal of sustaining a strong democracy and ensuring people--all people--participation is extremely important.  Elections are the foundation of our democracy. They actually determine the direction of our country. But an election loss doesn't mean you lose your voice or you lose your place at the table. Making sure we all have a seat at the table is increasingly important to keep our democracy strong. That is why those of us on this side are fighting so hard to keep our voice, to have a seat at the table.  Recently we have heard a lot from the other side about attacks on faith and values. In fact, some are trying to say our motive in this debate is somehow antifaith. I have to argue that just the opposite appears to me to be true. We have faith in our values, we have faith in American values, and we have faith that those values can and must be upheld.  This is not an ideological battle between Republicans and Democrats, it is about keeping faith with the values and ideals our country stands for. Having values and having faith in those values requires--requires that we make sure those without a voice are listened to. Speaking up for those in poverty to make sure they are fed is a faith-based value. Making sure there is equal opportunity and justice for the least among us is a faith-based value. Fighting for human rights, taking care of the environment, are faith-based values.  To now say those of us who stick up for minority rights are antifaith is frightening and, frankly, it is wrong. I hope those who have decided to make this into some kind of faith/antifaith debate will reconsider. This debate should be about democracy. It should be about the protection of an independent judiciary. And certainly it is a debate about the rights of minorities.  Our system of Government, of checks and balances, and our values, are under attack today by this very transparent grab for power. They are, with their words and potential actions, attempting now to dismantle this system despite the clear intent of the Framers and the weight of history and precedent. They think they know better, and I think not.  Today, it is fashionable for some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to disparage what they call activist judges. But this power grab, this nuclear option reveals the true motivation. There are those who want activists on the bench to interpret the law in a way I believe undermines important American values.  I believe we have a responsibility to stand up and say no to extreme nominees. But to know that, you do not need to listen to me. Just look back at the great Founders of this democracy. The Framers, in those amazing years when our country was founded, took very great care in creating this new democracy. They wrote into the Constitution the Senate's role in the nomination process. They wrote into the Constitution and spoke about protecting the minority against the tyranny of the majority and their words ring true today.  James Madison, in his famous Federalist No. 10, warned against the superior force of an overbearing majority or, as he called it, a dangerous vice.  He said:       The friend of popular governments never finds himself so      much alarmed for their character and faith as when he      contemplates their propensity to this dangerous vice.  Years prior, John Adams wrote in 1776 on the specific need for an independent judiciary and checks and balance. He said:       The dignity and stability of government in all its      branches, the morals of the people and every blessing of      society depends so much on an upright and skillful      administration of justice that the judicial power ought to be      distinct from both the legislative and executive and      independent upon both so that it may be a check upon both as      both should be checks upon that. The Judges therefore should      always be men of learning and experience in the laws, of      exemplary morals, great patience, calmness, coolness and      attention. Their minds should not be distracted with jarring      interests; they should not be dependent on any man or body of      men.  I have to shudder at the thought of what some of the great thinkers, the great Founders of our democracy, would say to this attempted abuse of power. Frankly, one of the best interpretations of the thoughts was offered to this Senate by Robert Caro, the great Senate historian. He wrote a letter in 2003 and he talked about the need for the Senate to maintain its history and its traditions despite popular pressures of the day and of the important role that debate and dissension plays in any discussion of judicial nominations. In particular, he wrote of his concern for the preservation of Senate tradition in the face of attempted changes by a majority run wild.  He said, in part:       In short, two centuries of history rebut any suggestion      that either the language or intent of the Constitution      prohibits or counsels against the use of extended debate to      resist presidential authority. To the contrary, the nation's      Founders depended on the Senate's members to stand up to a      popular and powerful president. In the case of judicial      appointments, the Founders specifically mandated the Senate      to play an active role providing both advice and consent to      the President. That shared authority was basic to the balance      of powers among the branches.       I am . . . attempting to say as strongly as I can that in      considering any modification Senators should realize they are      dealing not with the particular dispute of the moment, but      with the fundamental character of the Senate of the United      States, and with the deeper issue of the balance of power      between majority and minority rights.  Protection of minority rights has been a fundamental principle since the infancy of this democracy. It should not--in fact, it cannot--be laid to rest in this Chamber with this debate.  I know there are a lot of people wondering why the Senate is spending so much time talking about Senate rules and judicial nominations. They are wondering why I am talking about nominees and quoting Madison and Adams. They are wondering what this means to them.  I make it clear: This debate is about whether we want a clean, healthy environment and the ability to enforce our laws to protect it fairly. This debate is about whether we want to protect essential rights and liberties. This debate is about whether we want free and open government. This debate is about preserving equal protection under the law. This debate is about whether we want to preserve the independent judiciary, whether we want to defend the Constitution, and whether we will stand up for the values of the American public.  I believe these values are too precious to abdicate. Trusting in them, we will not let Republicans trample our rights and those of millions of Americans who we are here to represent. We will stand and say yes to democracy, yes to an independent judiciary, yes to minority rights, and no to this unbelievable abuse of power.  I see my colleague from New York is here, and I know he has time tonight, as well.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DeMint). The Senator from New York.  