 President, I appreciate the work that went into the bill this year, recognizing how difficult it was given the allocation and given the level of support by the administration. I am particularly concerned about some specific levels within the bill, like funding for our Nation's environmental management program within the Department of Energy's cleanup responsibilities. Specifically, the Waste Treatment Plant, or Vitrification Plant, at the Hanford site is one of those nationally important projects. The Hanford site played a critical role in support of national security efforts in World War II and the Cold War. As a result, tens of millions of gallons of radioactive waste was left behind. It is the obligation of the U.S. Government to clean up that site and the Department of Energy identified the Vit Plant as the flagship project in that cleanup effort.  Officials at DOE claim the administration is 100 percent dedicated to the project. Actions speak louder than words. The request for this fiscal year was $64 million below necessary funding, according to the Department's own out-year projections. On top of that, the supplemental package sent to Congress came with rescissions for ``lower-priority'' programs including a $100 million cut for the Vit Plant. How can cleaning up one of the most polluted sites in our country be deemed a lower priority? Given this lack of support from the administration, I understand how difficult the project is to defend this year, and understand the hesitation on the part of this subcommittee to go beyond the official request by this White House.  And while the cuts to the funding are deep, and while I have deep concerns about what they will mean for our Nation's commitment to cleaning up this dangerous waste, I do concede that it could have been worse.  I specifically thank Senator Reid and his staff for his last-minute assistance in limiting the cuts to the Vit Plant and I thank the chairman for being receptive. When I met with Senator Reid last week, he shared my concern for this project, and together we were able to fight back additional cuts.  I will continue to support the cleanup efforts at the Hanford site.  