 President, I have been traveling around my State, like many of my colleagues have. When I travel around, people keep stopping me and asking me: Why should I hear about the judges you are debating back in Washington DC? Whether I am in Spokane talking to constituents at a town meeting or in a grocery store on Saturday or talking to family members at home, they all want to know what we are talking about and why this debate matters in their lives.  Well, my answer to those constituents, whether it is someone in a grocery store or just chatting with someone or a family member, is that we are here for a very important reason; that is, to fight for basic American values, values all of us hold dear. I tell them we are fighting for the rights of minorities so all of us have an opportunity for a voice and a seat at the table. I tell them we are fighting for the constitutional principles that were given to the Senate 200 years ago.  Today, in the Senate, unfortunately, those values are under attack. What we see in their continuing rush for power is that some here on the other side want to turn this great institution simply into a rubberstamp for the current administration. Nowhere is that more clear to me than with the nomination that is in front of us tonight, and that is of Judge Priscilla Owen.  Senator Frist said the other day that the only argument he has heard against Justice Owen is on parental consent. I happen to agree with Senator Frist that her views and her decisions on this subject are very important, but if he has not heard the arguments against Justice Owen, I think he has not been listening enough.  On everything from parental consent to victims' rights, to workers' rights, to bias towards her campaign contributors, Justice Owen is too far out of the mainstream. Her radical views make a lifetime appointment inappropriate by this body. Let me take just a few minutes to talk about some of those important objections.  In Read v. Scott Fetzer Company, a 1998 case, Justice Owen ruled that a rape victim--a rape victim--could not collect civil damages against a vacuum cleaner company that employed an in-home dealer who raped her while he was demonstrating the company's product even though the company had failed to check his references, and if they had, they would have found out he had harassed women at his other jobs and previously been formally charged and fired for inappropriate sexual conduct with a child. But Justice Owen ruled that rape victim could not collect civil damages against that company.  I believe it is pretty clear that Justice Owen does not protect victims' rights.  In another case, in GTE Southwest, Incorporated v. Bruce, a 1990 case, Justice Owen sided with an employer whom the majority in that case ruled inflicted intentional emotional distress on employees when he subjected them to ``constant humiliating and abusive behavior,'' including the use of harsh vulgarities, infliction of physical and verbal terror, frequent assaults, and physical humiliation. Justice Owen wrote her own opinion to make sure it was clear she thought the shocking behavior was not enough to support a verdict for the workers.  It is clear to me that Justice Owen will not protect workers' rights and should not be promoted to a lifetime appointment by this body.  Justice Owen's record shows she has consistently put huge corporations ahead of people. She took campaign contributions from companies including Enron and Halliburton, and then she issued rulings in their favor. Many of her campaign contributions came from a small group of special business interests that advanced very clear anticonsumer and anti-choice agendas. Critically, her record has shown thather donors enjoy greater success before her than before the majority of the court. Again, it is very clear to me that Justice Owen will not protect the rights of the people against these huge special interests and is not deserving of being promoted to a lifetime appointment by this body.  But you do not have to just listen to me. Listen to what some of her colleagues on the Texas Supreme Court said about her decisions.  In FM Properties v. City of Austin, the majority called her dissent ``nothing more than inflammatory rhetoric.''  In the case of In re Jane Doe III, Justice Enoch wrote specifically to rebuke Owen for misconstruing the legislature's definition of the sort of abuse that may occur when parents are notified of a minor's intent to have an abortion, saying:       abuse is abuse; it is neither to be trifled with nor its      severity to be second guessed.  And finally, as has been stated by my colleagues on the floor of the Senate, now-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, then an Owen colleague, criticized her, not once, not twice, but 10 times in his rulings and called one of her interpretations of a parental consent law an ``unconscionable act of judicial activism.''  Unfortunately, this nomination is before us. This is the type of activist judge we are being asked to give a lifetime appointment. By stripping the Senate of its constitutional role, we are seeing the effort to pack the courts with radical judges, push an extreme agenda, and leave millions of Americans behind.  That is why I say to my constituents, whether they walk up to me in a grocery store or it is one of my family members or somebody I am talking to in Spokane or Yakima or Vancouver or Bellingham, the debate we are having is critically important. For the people we promote to lifetime appointments, we need to know they will be fair and evenhanded and that they will protect the rights of Americans no matter where they live. That is why this fight is important, and that is why my colleagues are here on the floor of the Senate.  I see my colleague from Illinois is on the floor. I know he is here to speak as well. I yield time to him.  