 President, that article states:       The Army National Guard . . . missed its recruiting goal      for at least the ninth straight month in June and is nearly      19,000 soldiers below its authorized strength, military      officials said Monday.  Further, the Army Guard:      . . . is more than 10,000 soldiers behind its year-to-date      goal of almost 45,000 recruits and has missed its recruiting      target during at least 17 of the last 18 months.  Many factors, as we all know, affect recruiting, but how we care for our veterans is absolutely one of them. As George Washington said:       The willingness with which our young people are likely to      serve in any war, no matter how justified, shall be directly      proportional as to how they perceive the Veterans of earlier      wars were treated and appreciated by their country.  That was George Washington back in 1789. It is still true today.  We need to show our veterans--today's veterans and those considering military service--we will be there for them. If the Senate retreats from what we agreed to 2 weeks ago, it will tell potential recruits the VA will have a hiring freeze and the VA will not have new clinics and we will not be there for them. That is the wrong message to send.  The Senate agreed our veterans need $1.5 billion. We agreed on a bipartisan basis. I am offering this amendment today to make sure there is no backtracking and that our veterans get the help they need, they deserve, and they were promised. This is a basic American issue we can and must all support.  If Members vote for this amendment, we are giving the VA money to lift the hiring freeze to hire the medical staff it needs and to open new clinics. We are telling today's soldiers and tomorrow's recruits we will be there for them. But if members choose to vote against my amendment, they are simply voting to keep their local VA hospital overwhelmed and understaffed, telling veterans in your State that they will not get the new clinics they were promised. This vote will send a strong message to today's veterans and tomorrow's recruits.  This Senate needs to make sure we will show those who serve our country that we will be there for them just as they have been there for us.  My colleague from Hawaii is here. He has been a tremendous advocate for veterans. I thank him for all his work.  I yield 5 minutes to the Senator from Hawaii.  