 It means longer deployments, more time away from home, and a further strain on our entire military.  It is no secret that some of our soldiers are hit especially hard by this news. I am talking, of course, about our Guard and Reserve soldiers who have already faced extended deployments and long stretches away from their jobs, away from their homes, away from their families. We honor all of our troops serving overseas, but I am very concerned that these Guard and Reserve soldiers are not receiving some basic services and help that they have earned--basic services and help they most certainly deserve.  Last week I reintroduced legislation to increase services and benefits to members of the National Guard and Reserves when they are called to active duty. I offered this Guard and Reserve Enhancement Benefits Act last year to expand health care, education, financial benefits, and family assistance to help ease the burden on our Guard members and their families.  We made some progress in the Senate last year, but those important provisions were never signed into law. Now, in this new Congress, we have another opportunity to provide for our Guard men and women, our reservists, and all their families. This coincides with the introduction of S. 11, the first Democratic bill for this Congress. It is the first Democratic bill of this Congress to help increase protections for our troops and Reserve members.  Thousands of citizen soldiers from across my home State of Washington have been called to active duty over the past 2 years. These very brave men and women and their families deserve the same support that other military units receive when they sacrifice to serve our country. My bill tells Guard and Reserve members across America that we are committed to providing them and their families with the health, financial, and social support services necessary to get through this difficult time.  According to the Pentagon, 239,000 National Guard members have been called to active duty. Currently, 192,500 Guard and Reserve members are serving on active duty as part of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom. Thousands of Washington State Guard members have been activated over the past 2 years. This is the largest activation since World War II.  Hundreds of Washington State reservists have also been activated, and 150 local Marine Corps reservists will soon be deployed to Iraq as part of the Yakima-based Bravo Company 4th Tank Battalion. That is why this legislation is so important at this time.  As many other Members, I have sat and talked to our reservists as they have been called up, and I have talked with their families who have been left behind. It is critical that we provide the support and services they need so they can do this important job that this country has asked them to do.  My legislation would begin by extending the current Family and Medical Leave Act protections to the spouses of guardsmen and reservists called to extended active duty. This is really important. The families who are left behind are struggling as single parents to try to raise their family. They should not have to worry about losing their jobs and their income when their loved one is sent overseas. So the first part of our bill simply extends the Family and Medical Leave Act protections so these spouses who are left behind can take care of the issues they need to take care of as their spouse is called overseas.  Second, it provides childcare assistance grants to parents or guardians of dependents of guardsmen and Reservists called to active duty. This is really important. Most of these Guard and Reserve members are not on a base, so they don't have access to childcare facilities that Regular Army and other people have on the base. They are out in our communities, across my State and across this country.  So child care is especially important to them when their spouses are sent overseas and they are left with how to deal with child care--an issue that is always critical to families.  It becomes extremely critical when you lose half of your family, when they go to a place that can't help with child care. Childcare assistance grants are an important part of our package.  My bill also expands the GI bill for members of the Guard and Reserves who are called to active duty for 12 consecutive months or 24 months out of a 60-month period.  This is something that is really important. When we send these men and women overseas to serve, they should have access to the GI bill when they return so they can enhance their own lives and get a job and be productive members of our society.  Next, our bill provides relief from interest and defers payments of unsubsidized student loans.  I met with Reserve members before they left. Many of them were students or were just finishing college, and they were extremely worried about how they were going to pay their student loans while they were deployed, or when they returned before they would be able to get back into the job market and have a steady income. We put special help in our bill for these men and women who serve us by providing relief from interest and defer payments of unsubsidized student loans so they canget their lives back together when they return before they start to pay back their obligation.  Next, our bill requires any college receiving Federal funds to offer students returning from active-duty service readmission without penalty or additional fees.  You can imagine, if you are in college attending classes and you are called up to serve your country as a member of the Guard and Reserve, you are concerned that when you return you will not be able to get back into that school and finish the college degree that you started. Our bill provides assurance to these students who have been called up that they will be readmitted into any college that receives Federal funds, so they will know when they return that they can continue their lives.  Next, we reduce the age for members of the Guard and Reserve to receive retirement pay. This is a critical issue for many of our Guard and Reserve families who face extreme hardship as their family member serves overseas. We want to make sure they can receive retirement pay at an age that benefits them.  Next, our bill requires the Federal Government to cover the pay differential for Federal employees who are called to active duty. When I talked to these Guard and Reserve family members, they were worried about how they were going to make sure their families would be able to pay the mortgage on their home, or how they were going to pay their school costs and put food on the table because of the reduced pay from the Government.  This bill will make sure the Federal Government that is calling these members up to serve pays the differential for our Federal employees so they do not lose income while they serve this country overseas.  Next, our bill allows employers to claim up to $15,000 in tax credits for the pay deferential of Guard and Reserve members. Across this country and in my home State, we have many businesses that have employees who have been called up to go overseas and serve their country. It is especially difficult for small businesses that lose their employees for 6 months, for 12 months, or longer. And this bill provides a tax credit to help them make up the pay of those employees when they go overseas.  Finally, our bill makes access to TRICARE permanent for all members of the Guard and Reserve and their families, regardless of employment or insurance status. This is an extremely important provision of this bill.  I think probably the No. 1 issue I heard from these families as I talked to them was, What do I need to do about our health care? We had our health care under a member who has been called to serve overseas. When we lose that, how do we transition? What do we do about a sick child with ongoing illnesses and family members with health care challenges? How do we get through this?  I think it is important that this year we enact into legislation assurance for the family members of those who serve overseas that their family left behind will have access to TRICARE and health care.  Tours of duty are being extended and new units are being deployed. I believe we have an obligation to ease the burden for these Guard and Reserve families.  Supporting our troops means more than just passing multibillion-dollar supplemental appropriations bills whenever the President asks. Supporting our troops must also mean that we look after the soldier and his family's well-being back at home. It means ensuring they get quality education, it means ensuring they get good health care, and it means access to a job, and childcare for their families.  I have spoken many times on this floor and in every corner of my State about the need to take care of our troops. Oftentimes, that means supplementing our floundering veterans care system. I talked about it on the floor extensively last week.  But with this legislation I am talking about today, we have an opportunity to provide help where it is needed now--help for the thousands of heroes and their families who are dedicating their lives to all of us by serving us around the globe.  I hope my colleagues will support our efforts. I look forward to working with anyone who will help move this legislation this year.  Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Vitter). The Senator from Illinois.  