 President, I have some serious concerns about the budget that is now before us.  To make our country strong again, we need to invest at home. What I see in this budget is a $35 billion cut from America's priorities, and I see that it will burden our children with a massive debt.  I am especially concerned this afternoon about what this bill will do to our most vulnerable in this budget and in the new Medicare prescription drug plan that is going to be implemented very soon.  This budget cuts $27 billion from Medicaid. That is a health care program, and it is a safety net for our country's most vulnerable and sickest. I think that cutting their health care is the wrong thing to do.  As I look ahead to this new Medicare prescription drug law, I see a time bomb that is ticking for more than 6 million Americans. A time bomb is ticking for our communities and for our health care providers. That fuse is set to detonate on January 1, 2006, in a few short months. We cannot stand by and let low-income seniors and the disabled lose their drug coverage. We cannot leave doctors, hospitals, and nursing homes unprepared for the biggest change in decades, and we cannot push hundreds of thousands of people who need care on to our local communities.  We cannot wait. We need to fix this problem today. That is why I am offering this amendment. I have been working with Senators Rockefeller, Bingaman, and Nelson to address this immediate crisis, and I want to thank them for their leadership.  I have also introduced my own bill to protect our most vulnerable. It is called the Medicare HEALS Act, S. 1822. I have been traveling around my home State of Washington this past month and meeting with people in Seattle, in Lakewood, Yakima, out in Aberdeen, and Olympia. Everywhere I have gone they have been angry, confused, and very worried and with good reason. Here are some of the concerns I heard. One senior told me:       Everyone I have talked to is totally confused--my doctor,      my pharmacist, even the Medicare number you are supposed to      call.  Another said:       If we can't understand this, this whole plan is going to      fail.  Everywhere I went, people were confused. 