       But if the company is so pro-American, why is it ignoring      U.S. policy to isolate Iran.       As a European company, we are not supposed to take into      account embargoes from the U.S., says Michael Tripler, with      EADS.  Michael Tripler, from EADS, once again, saying and doing anything anywhere to advance the European interests of a European company. Airbus and EADS clearly sing one tune in newspapers in the United States, another at media events in France, and quite a different one while selling their products in Iran.  Taken together, the goal is clear: EADS and Airbus do not intend to stop until they have gobbled up the entire aerospace market.  So what is next for Airbus? Any question of their intentions was answered as we tried to work out an amicable solution to the dispute this past January. On a day that could have been a turning point in the process, Airbus CEO Noel Forgeard said he would seek new launch aid from European nations for the Airbus A350.  While in one breath Airbus says it does not need launch aid to build the A350, they have nevertheless applied for, and European governments are prepared to provide, $1.7 billion in new launch aid.  To once again paraphrase German Chancellor Schroeder: They have done that in the past, they are doing it now, and they will do so in the future.  But again, no need to take my word alone on the illegality of the launch aid or their central role in the ongoing dispute. The Financial Times, a European newspaper, called the plan to subsidize the A350 and Forgeard's announcement unwise and deeply unhelpful, and went on to say:       Launch aid, Airbus' unique subsidy, is an especially      blatant violation of the principles of fair competition. The      EU should let it go. State support for private companies,      even those with long lead times and big development costs,      becomes indefensible as they mature. Infant industries must      grow up.  In a Business Week commentary from the same week, Stanley Holmes writes:       The U.S. should call the Europeans' bluff. Let the facts      speak for themselves, and resolve this dispute at the WTO.  Months ago, I made the same suggestion, and although there appeared to be hope of avoiding that fate within the past few weeks, I now believe we must work through the WTO and hold our line.  With the Europeans bent on keeping their subsidies, it is time to take bold action to protect our workers and send a strong message to Europe that enough is enough. Europe has to understand that continued attempts to undermine our aerospace industry and its workers will not stand.  The need to restore a competitive balance to the aerospace industry is not going away. Thousands of American jobs have been lost in the last decade, and thousands more are at risk due to continued direct subsidies to Airbus.  I will continue to work closely with the USTR and with the Bush administration to protect American jobs and ensure the future strength of the American aerospace industry. Whether through the continuation of these negotiations or through a trade case at the WTO, a competitive balance has to be restored. We in Congress have to show the Europeans that we are serious about this action.  I thank my colleagues for supporting the resolution that was just adopted by the Senate 96 to 0. I will continue to be a voice for American workers. Again, I thank the Bush administration, Senator Frist, and Senator Reid for helping us with the resolution.  