Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I rise today to ask my colleagues to support House Resolution 1208. Thisresolution is very simple. It recognizes the many problems that face young people who spend time in foster care, and it thanks the many others who work to ease their transition from foster care to adulthood and independence.  In Georgia, there are thousands of children in foster care. Living in foster care is not a choice. These young people of all races, ages, and backgrounds were victims of neglect and abuse. Child welfare services share a common goal of finding safe, stable, and loving homes for these young people. Unfortunately, this dream is not always realized.  I have the privilege to serve on the Ways and Means Income Security and Family Support Subcommittee chaired by my good friend and colleague, Mr. McDermott of Washington.  Last year, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. McDermott) invited two young people from our congressional district to testify about what it is like to transition from foster care to adulthood. Anthony Reeves and Shalita O'Neal both aged out of the Georgia foster care system. They shared with us how difficult it is to find housing, health care, education, liveable wages, jobs, security, and stability.  At a young age, when most are still relying on financial and emotional support from their parents and family, these young people have no one to fall back on. Mr. Speaker, these are the stories that break your heart.  Today, we honor those like Anthony and Shalita, and Kevin Brown, a recent graduate of Clark Atlanta University, who are determined to find their way despite so many problems before them.  We also pay tribute to the mentors, volunteers, parents, organizations, and many others who fill in the gaps in Federal and State coverage to help these young people during the most difficult times of their young lives.  Most important, this resolution sends a message to the half million young people currently in the foster care system. Congress tells them: You are not alone. We love you. We support you. You are not forgotten. There is hope. You will survive. And you will succeed.  Thank you, Mr. Speaker. I urge all of my colleagues to support this very simple resolution.  I reserve the balance of my time.  