Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7083, the Charity Enhancement Act of 2008.  This bill responds to hundreds of pages of written comments that were submitted by charities to the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight. This bill contains a number of important provisions to help charities continue their good work.  Charities play such an important role in our country. Charities and foundations make up the very fabric of our communities. They know the deepest human needs of our friends and neighbors, and they know the solutions that work. Often, at critical times, charities and foundations are the leaders that show government the way to care for our citizens. Their services touch every corner of life in our communities--education, the arts, and medical research.  They also serve those who need our help the most by feeding the hungry, caring for the sick and lifting up those who live in poverty. This bill fixes some of the unintended effects of new charitable laws that keep them from doing their good and necessary work.  First, the bill will promote scholarships by relaxing the rules imposed on certain scholarship funds.  Second, the bill would improve disclosure to the public by increasing the electronic filing of tax returns filed by charities and foundations.  Third, the bill will provide relief to certain longstanding supporting organizations created before 1970. Notably, these are charities where the donors are deceased, so there is no concern about misusing the charity for personal gain.  Historically, these charities have distributed significant amounts to their communities over the past 38 years. Their contributions have been used to fund scholarship and support charitable, scientific, and educational activities.  Finally, this bill will allow charities to reimburse reasonable and necessary expenses of volunteer board members.  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support our charities and foundations and vote ``yes'' for H.R. 7083.  I reserve the balance of my time.  