Madam Speaker, I'm pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DeFazio), chairman of the Highways and Transit Subcommittee.  Mr. DeFAZIO. I thank my good friend and colleague for yielding the time.  Madam Speaker, this is an extraordinarily serious problem. Americans today are already familiar with the problems of our transportation infrastructure. On a daily basis, trucks are detoured because of weight-limited bridges. Individuals are sitting idling in traffic in congestion because of inadequate and obsolete infrastructure. People are flooding on to transit at a record rate. Transit ridership is reaching levels that haven't been seen since we had a decent system of transit in this country 50, 60 years ago.  But the stress on the system is extraordinary. People are trying to escape the high cost of gas. But our transit systems are struggling to pay the bills themselves. So this is not the time to begin to reduce our already pathetic and inadequate investment in our transportation infrastructure in the United States. The gas tax was 18.4 cents a gallon in 1993 and gas was a buck a gallon. Today, the gas tax is 18.3 cents a gallon, and gas was $4.29 in my district last weekend. And that is not the cause of the run-up in price. And the buying and purchasing power of that small amount of tax is about half of what it was 15 years ago. So this is not the time to begin to think about even less investment. And that is what looms before us if this bill doesn't pass today and isn't signed into law by the President.  Less investment. My colleague, Earl Blumenauer from Oregon, corrected me after his speech. I said, you know, America is falling to a third-world status in terms of its investments in transportation infrastructure. He said, no, actually that was pretty insulting to a lot of third-world countries who are investing more than we are. So I have begun to call us ``fourth world.'' That is a formerly first-world infrastructure falling even behind many countries in the third world in terms of investment.  150,000 bridges in America are either functionally obsolete or structurally deficient. I think we should post every one of those bridges with a sign so people know every time they drive over it.This is not the time to begin to talk about doing less work to maintain our bridges and deal with the structural deficiencies and the functional obsolescence. This is not the time to begin to pull back on meeting our commitments to surface transportation infrastructure.  I'm so pleased that the Ways and Means Committee has chosen to act and replace funds that were raised out of the gas tax, intended to be only spent on transportation infrastructure, but transferred to the general fund and spent on who knows what. This will put us back in compliance with the law and the principles of the United States of America.  As we raise money dedicated to transportation, to be spent on transportation, there is a lot of investment that can be done. This is a needed bill. Pass this bill today.  Mr. McCRERY. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Flake).  