Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  Mr. McCRERY. Madam Speaker, I have already talked here this morning about what I believe would be a bad precedent for budget policy that this bill represents. But even more regrettable, Madam Speaker, is I think this bill today represents another missed opportunity, and that missed opportunity has helped bring us to this point today.  The majority's absolute refusal to address record-high gasoline prices by increasing domestic energy production is something that has contributed to the reason we are here today.  I have argued on this floor many times in the past, not just in the context of the gasoline tax and the highway trust fund, but many times, that the way to bring sanity to our energy policy, and yes, the way to bring gasoline prices down, is to adopt a balanced energy policy for our country.  Think of a balanced energy price as a three-legged stool. The first leg, conservation; the second leg, alternative fuel development and production; and the third leg, just as important as the other two for the stool to stand, would be to increase the supply of traditional fossil fuels by allowing more drilling here in our own country and stop depending on drilling in other countries.  Let's develop our own resources. That would be a balanced policy that I think would contribute to bringing the price of oil down which would bring the price of gasoline down which would get more people on the highways driving more and add revenues to the highway trust fund.  But we have so far not been able to get that passed in this Democratically led Congress. The sooner we do that, the sooner we will have some relief of the strain on the highway trust fund. And we still have to address the long-term inadequacies of the financing structure for the highway system in this country. As I have said, I believe we ought to be doing that today. And I support that.  But, Madam Speaker, today I believe we are merely putting a Band-Aid on the problem. We are contributing to deteriorating, bad budget policy. The precedent of this bill shifting moneys from the general fund to the highway trust fund is a very dangerous one. It is a slippery slope, and we ought not do it.  I urge my colleagues to reject this bill today, give us another chance to go back to the drawing board and come up with a much better solution to this problem and give us a chance to adopt a meaningful, structured energy policy for this country that will bring gasoline prices down and get more people on our highways.  I yield back the balance of my time.  