Madam Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, first let me thank my colleagues, Chairmen Rangel, Oberstar and DeFazio, for acting on this important issue.  Madam Speaker, our roads need repair. Our State and local governments are struggling to make ends meet. Our drivers suffer when highway projects are delayed.  This bill is a temporary fix for the estimated $4 billion shortfall in the highway trust fund.  This bill should fully fund the highway trust fund through 2009, but we still need a long-term bipartisan solution. I want to be clear, no money, but no money is spent under this bill. That process is left up to the appropriators. This legislation simply amends the Internal Revenue Code provision only.  Madam Speaker, transportation is the number one issue for many citizens in my district. Commuters sit in traffic for about 60 hours every year. Early this year, Forbes magazine declared the Atlanta metro area as the worst city for commuters in the country; the worst, Madam Speaker. If we fail to act today, our citizens, our States and our economy will suffer. We must act, and we must act today. We must act now.  I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in support of H.R. 6532.  Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  Mr. McCRERY. Madam Speaker, I yield myself so much time as I may consume.  Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 6532.  I would say to my good friend, the chairman of the Transportation Committee, that I agree with him that the current financing structure for our transportation needs is inadequate. The bill before us today, though, I think just puts off the day that we will finally come to grips with the inadequacy of that financing structure and deal with it. And we should be dealing with the fundamental problem here and not just putting a patch, a temporary band-aid on it, such as this $8 billion transfer will do.  So while I'm in agreement with the underlying, I suppose, motive for this bill, I think it is ill-advised because of the precedent that is sets. And it puts off to another day--which is easy for us to do--grappling with the real serious problem of fundamental inadequate funding of our transportation system through the trust fund.  So with that, Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.  