Madam Speaker, I support this Disaster Tax Relief Act, and I want to thank my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee, Congressman Kind and Chairman Rangel, for working to bring this bill to the floor today.  The Disaster Tax Relief Act addresses deep concerns I had after tornadoes struck Atlanta. Tornadoes touched down right in the heart of Atlanta. They blew the windows out of my very own office. They destroyed sections of neighborhoods and damaged businesses in our city and across Georgia.  The damage caused by these tornadoes and storms was no different than the damage caused anywhere else in America this year. If you lose your home or business, a loss is a loss and damage is damage. Yes, some disasters are more severe than others. But when it comes to rebuilding homes and businesses, when it comes to recovery, the tax code should be fair.  Some think when floods, hurricanes, and tornadoes strike it means States deserve special treatment based on old politics. Some can overlook natural disasters that have occurred all over our country and try to provide specific disaster tax recovery assistance for just one State and just one tragedy. This is wrong. It is not right. It is not just.  This Disaster Tax Relief Act provides fair tax relief and recognizes all disasters, like those in Atlanta, Iowa, Wisconsin, Florida, Kansas, and other places. It also recognizes the role of volunteers performing charity work every day but often in the wake of a disaster.  On September 10th I introduced with my good friend and colleague, Jim Ramstad, H.R. 6854, the Fair Deal for Volunteers Act of 2008. Among other things, this bill will increase the standard mileage rate tax deduction from 14 cents a mile to an amount determined by the Secretary of Treasury that is not less than the standard rate used for medical purposes. It is currently 27 cents a mile.  With the cost of gas and the precious need for volunteers to keep delivering meals and blankets and supplies, this is the very least we can do. I am proud that so many members of the House and Senate have pushed for this kind of change. I hope we can push harder and pass the entire Fair Deal for Volunteers Act.  I thank the staff on the Ways and Means Committee and the Oversight Subcommittee for their good work on this measure.  