Madam Speaker, I want to thank my friends and my two colleagues for those kind words.  I'm honored to stand here today as the chief sponsor of this legislation to recognize the brave and courageous men and women who paved the way for the historic, and necessary, set of laws we call the Civil Rights Act of 1964.  We would not be standing here today with this bill being considered on the floor, with 313 cosponsors, without the help of my good friend and colleague, Representative Vic Snyder. Representative Snyder was a champion of this bill. I appreciate his support of this bill and the ideas behind it.  I would also like to acknowledge Congresswoman Deborah Pryce for her willingness to cosponsor this bill with me.  On December 1, 1955, Rosa Parks' brave act of defiance, refusing to give up her seat to a white person on a segregated bus in Montgomery, Alabama, galvanized the modern-day civil rights movement. I remember as a young child, 15 years old, listening to the radio and hearing about Rosa Parks and the voice of Martin Luther King, Jr.  Their work inspired me and so many others to take up the cause of equality and join the movement. We must never forget the sacrifices that so many made.  I am proud, very proud, to be the lead sponsor of this legislation, which celebrates the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and to remember those who fought for its passage.  In 2014, the 50th anniversary of the 1964 Civil Rights Act, commemorative coins will be minted with the images of the brave men and women who fought, and even died, for these laws. These coins will serve as educational tools for our children and their children, so that the struggle that so many took part in will never, ever be forgotten.  The Civil Rights Act of 1964 was necessary, and it was right to pass. It greatly expanded civil rights protections. It outlawed segregation and racial discrimination in public places, places of public accommodation, the workplace, and even in federally funded programs. It also pushed to end segregation in our Nation's schools.  It is only right then that we are working with the United Negro College Fund to commemorate the 50th anniversary of this historic milestone. Discrimination in our education system was real. For many African Americans, their only hope for a college education was through a UNCF school. UNCF institutions were founded to provide an education for African Americans who were banned by law or by custom from seeking a college education in the all-white public and private universities of the South.  Today, UNCF continues their important mission of opening the doors to a college education. Over 60 percent of UNCF-supported students are the first in their families to attend college. By helping to fund the UNCF, these coins will put in reach a college education for first-generation students while also helping to ensure these important institutions of higher education remain open for future and unborn generations.  I'm proud to stand here today as we pay tribute to the 1964 Civil Rights Act and to remember those who made it possible. There is still much work to be done, and we must continue to fight today, tomorrow, and into the future.  I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this bill.  