 President, let me begin by saying that the criticisms I am about to make are in no way directed at the chairman of the full committee and the ranking member of the subcommittee. I think they share my views on these issues. I am under no illusions; the chairman said earlier that the Senate had straitjacketed the committee in many ways and the House had stiffed the committee in other ways, that what we were able to do here on the Senate side in conference was not made extremely difficult. I understand that.  I rise today to point out what I believe to be some serious flaws in this legislation. This Transportation appropriations bill, I am sorry to say, is unacceptable.  I do not want to mislead my colleagues. I am not sure there was a request for a time agreement, but I indicated to floor staff if there was I would object, and to be completely blunt with my two colleagues, I have never engaged in a filibuster in my 23 years, almost 24 years in the Senate, and I am, quite frankly, weighing as I speak and my staff talks whether or not there would be any utility in my doing that.  The chairman makes a very important point relative to the continuing resolution. My fear and concern is that even were I successful in keeping this bill from passing, the continuing resolution would, in effect, include the numbers that, in fact, are the ones that disturb me the most about the bill.  So to the extent that I do not want to mess up their schedules and be straightforward with them, which is what I am going to do, I would just suggest they stay tuned for another few minutes. I will, quite frankly, make that judgment and determine whether to do what I have never done before, to engage in what we say is extended debate.  Let me direct my comments this afternoon to what I think are the most serious flaws in this legislation.  First, I think this appropriations bill badly fumbles the task of putting our Nation's passenger rail service, Amtrak, on its feet, earning operating income and ending its operating subsidies. I want to remind you that is the goal we all signed on to--we, the Congress. We said that our goal is, in the Senate and the House, that Amtrak will be able to operate without subsidies by the year 2002, or, put another way, we are not going to help them after that.  Implicit in setting that goal--and I remember how reluctant some of us were to agree to that goal because there is no other major passenger rail service in the world that does not have some government subsidy, none that I am aware of. It always surprises me; my friends in my home State, my friends in the Senate will be somewhere on business or pleasure that takes them to another country, and they will come back and they will talk about, gosh, I was on that bullet train in Japan, or, gosh, I was on the train in Germany, or, gosh, I was on that train in Sweden. It is remarkable. They are clean and they are fast and they are on time. Why can't we have that here?  The reason we do not have it is we do not support the passenger rail service like they do in other countries. Now, there are a lot of reasons we do not do that, not the least of which is our industries, like the cement industry, like the blacktop industry, the trucking industry, see rail as a threat. They do not see it as an adjunct to the economic growth and vitality of the Nation. They see it as a threat.  So we have had incredible difficulty doing what other countries have done, and that is to look at transportation as a whole, not look at transportation as airplanes and highways but looking at the entire component of what constitutes transportation--passenger transportation and freight transportation in this country.  I know Senator Lautenberg has labored mightily, and I mean that literally, to try to convince people--along with Senator Moynihan, before he went over to the Finance Committee--that we have to look at transportation in a different way than we have up to now, thinking only in terms of highways.  There is a lot of money in it, and for the life of me I cannot understand why the highway interests in this country, which we support by hundreds of millions of dollars--it is not as if we are against highways if you are for mass transit or you are for mass transit passenger service. They have fought tooth and nail anything that spends any of our highway trust fund moneys or any moneys for anything other than laying concrete and blacktop.  Now, it does not take a rocket scientist to figure out that in certain parts of our country we cannot lay much more concrete and blacktop. In the Northeast corridor, from Richmond up to Boston, there is not a whole lot more land available to accommodate the increased traffic patterns.  What do we do, make I-95 20 lanes wide? By the way, you think I am joking. In some places, I-95 is already 10 lanes wide. Where are we going to accommodate this extra movement of people when Amtrak is no longer available in our corridor? And also, what happens when, as we repeatedly see happening, there is a constant cutback in Amtrak into rural areas and into States in the Midwest and the Northwest that profited very much from the access to Amtrak?  It is a funny thing, it seems, that old expression of ``the more things change, the more they remain the same.'' I used to be a county councilman in 1970 in our State's largest county before I was elected to the Senate. I was a big booster in the late 1960's and 1970 when I was a council person, for mass transportation, because it was obvious at that time the county I lived in, was the fastest growing county in America. As a matter of fact, ``Candid Camera,'' Allen Funt's ``Candid Camera,'' did a whole program on taking the four-lane highway that connected Pennsylvania and Delaware at the Pennsylvania-Delaware border at the northern part of the county and on the Pennsylvania side as they crossed into Delaware put up a giant sign with the permission of the highway department: ``Sorry, Delaware Closed Today,'' and people were actually stopping. People actually stopped. It was a ``Candid Camera'' stunt.  So, in the midst of all of that, some of us, myself in particular, started to turn toward trying to deal with mass transit, a minor thing. We are talking about 450,000 people in the county. It is not like we are talking about--there are 10 counties in New Jersey bigger than that and there are probably 20 cities bigger than that. And so we are not talking about a vast number of people in relative terms in relation to other places.  I found something interesting. This is the part about ``the more things change, the more they remain the same.'' I would be told that the bus service--we had no rail service--the bus service we have, that is, servicing the community, is losing money. And so when it starts to lose money, what we do is we go out and cut out a route. Let us assume for the sake of discussion there were 50 bus routes, and the system is losing money. They say, well, we have to cut some expenditures here, and so we are going to cut out two routes.  Now, assume it had 50 routes and 100,000 people getting on the bus. If you cut out two routes, you would think that you would have, then, a commensurate reduction in the amount of ridership. But that is not how it works. When you cut out two routes, twice asmany people who rode those routes stopped taking the bus because the choices are diminished, not just the people who rode that one route. What happens is, it has a geometric impact. As you cut a piece in terms of your operation, what you do is you cut a much larger piece in terms of ridership. That is how it works.  So, here we are. In the name of saving Amtrak, we put Amtrak's leadership in a position of having to make significant operational cuts in service. So, when they cut the train that goes through Montana to the State of Washington, what do they do? They cut alternatives, so that means fewer people ride the train in Illinois as well. It means fewer people ride the train in Indiana. It increases in geometrical proportion to the cut that is made.  It also has a very serious political impact. Then the Senators from Montana or the Senators from other States that got cut say, ``What interest do I have in funding this Amtrak thing, it does not service my State anymore?'' And it becomes a self-fulfilling prophesy.  There was one place, one section in the National Passenger Rail Service System that, if we improved it, could make money, money enough to, in turn, through Amtrak, subsidize other Amtrak routes so that you would be able to, without coming back to the Government or the taxpayers, say, OK, we can keep that train going through Montana because Amtrak management says we make a surplus in the trains that run from Boston to Washington. That was part of the whole deal we made here. We said, OK, we will run the risk of having this whole passenger rail service go belly up by the year 2000 by committing not to have any more subsidies. But we need to do some things in the interim to put the system in a position to be able to make it.  So what did we do? In this legislation we went out and we slashed, by a significant amount, the amount of money that would be available to further modernize the corridor, as they call it, between New York and Boston.  What has happened is that Amtrak is an electrified system. What has happened, once you get above New York City--actually in New Haven, CT--you have to switch the trains you use. The tracks are old and some of the bridges need to be repaired and some of the curves have to be straightened out, et cetera, because it is not electrified. So we made a deal. We said, OK, we are going to electrify the whole system so it is unified all the way along that megalopolis, and we said we are going to bring in modern high-speed trains that allow us to compete, in fact, with air transportation and road transportation between Boston and Washington. We even picked out the trains we were going to purchase. And because the projections were that ridership would be up because we had improved the number and type of trains that were being used, so that we would generate enough capital, and we would generate enough money to operate as well as maintain the system. And we would have money left over to go out and continue the train in Texas which is being cut, continue the train in Louisiana which is being cut, in Montana, et cetera, so we could build the system.  By the way, obviously, I am sure some are sitting there, willing and ready, and I do not blame them, to make the ad hominem argument, which is: Obviously, Joe Biden wants this because it affects the Northeast corridor where he lives. It affects his State employment, affects his State's economy, it affects the whole region.  That is true. But look beyond that. Notwithstanding the fact that it positively affects my State and the Northeast corridor, it is the only salvation for the rest of the system. We can duplicate that process over time on the west coast. So we can have the capability of similarly moving people rapidly, with high speed, on the west coast. We do not need quite as much improvement because you do not have to electrify the system, and so on and so forth.  What have we done? We have done what we used to do in the county council days. In order to save money, allegedly, we will, by this legislation, force Amtrak to make further cuts, further reducing Amtrak's capability to meet the goal which we all set and insist that they be able to meet by the year 2002. We are guaranteeing, unless we get a supplemental or defeat this or change the number that is in this, we are guaranteeing that Amtrak cannot meet the goal.  It is a little bit like saying to someone you are coaching on the track team who has great potential:  Look, I will tell you what we are going to do. You do not have much money. You have to pay me my salary, and I know you don't have enough money to have me train you, and you have 9-second capability in the hundred meter, which is world class. But I will tell you, in order to save money, you have to wear old Keds sneakers. You cannot wear shoes that, in fact, are the kind that are light, lightweight, modern and functional. By the way, we cannot afford starting blocks. So I am going to continue to coach you if you can break the record. But, in order for you to get me as a coach, what you have to do is we have to cut out these frills--the frills meaning your shoes and the starting blocks--guaranteeing you will never get out of the blocks in order to keep me as your coach, because you never get to the number, you can never get to the speed, you can never get to the time I am going to be satisfied with in order to be able to continue to coach you.  So why start the process in the first place? That is kind of where we are now. I mean, the idea that the rail connection between Boston, Washington, and New York, will basically have to be put on hold--by the way, we need to up the authorization in this bill for the Northeast corridor to be able to keep Amtrak on track, which is about $17 million in outlays, I believe that is the number, to be spent next year to continue to complete the project.  I know my colleagues understand all this Senate jargon, congressional jargon, but the bottom line is, unless the number is higher, we do not have $17 million to do what needs to be done to keep the Northeast corridor project on time and be able to get us in a position where we can buy those train sets and where we can in fact begin to generate the revenue you need in order to meet the objective of being free of subsidies by the year 2002.  Let me point out one other thing that has been pointed out repeatedly by Senator Lautenberg. If you deal with this fairly and you measure ``the Government subsidies,'' both in direct expenditures and in tax expenditures that go for highways, that go for the airlines and go for mass transit, Amtrak gets subsidized less.  For example, all you may not realize, when you pay for your plane ticket, the Government subsidizes an air traffic controller that makes sure you can land or not land, it subsidizes the building of that airport and runway, it subsidizes that control tower. The airline does not pay for that. They pay part of it, but they do not pay anywhere near the cost of it. It is a significant subsidy.  So all the airlines are out there touting that this is a subsidy to--I should not say that--touting this is a subsidy to Amtrak, ``Why should we pay to subsidize a person's ticket, a woman who wants to get on a train in Gainesville, FL, and go to Raleigh, NC? Why should we do that?"  I ask the reciprocal question: Why should we do that for someone getting on an airplane? The subsidy is greater for the airline industry than it is for the passenger rail service, and the same way with highways. We have a highway trust fund that pays for the laying of the concrete and the putting up of the barriers, et cetera, but it does not pay for all those cops that are out there, it does not pay for all those maintenance crews, it does not pay for the accidents when they occur, it does not pay for a lot of things. So we subsidize beyond--beyond--what we, in fact, collect in the gasoline tax for the highway system.  Why is it we apply a different standard when we are talking about the ``subsidies for passenger rail service?'' I will tell you why. Because there are a lot of people who make a lot of money and have a lot of influence down here who, in fact--and they are good people--who, in fact, make the concrete that gets poured on the highways. If you are going to spend money on a railroad, you are not pouring concrete on a highway. That is how they view it.  A lot of people out there make an awful lot of money in the trucking industry. I suggest to you all that youwalk down the corridor connecting the House and the Senate Chambers, and there are political cartoons that are on display, historical cartoons on display--I believe it is on the first floor--that show cartoons from the days of the turn of the century. Some of them you will remember from your grade school and high school civic books where they have the pictures of the bloated Senators, like blimps, representing the big mega interests, the oil cartels and the railroad interests and the rest.  This is an ongoing fight. This is money; this is power. This is a big deal to a lot of different people. They do not think of the national interest. What they are thinking of--and it is human nature--is their own particular selfish interests.  Look, how many railroads at the turn of the century were happy to see automobiles come into existence, and then trucks? They did everything in the world to keep trucks and highways from being built, because they knew if you were able to put this stuff on the back of a truck and cart it down the highway, then they did not have the cargo going on top of a rail car where they were charging a fee to send it to folks. The folks who owned the railroads did not want that, and here we have come full circle. The folks who pour the concrete, the folks who make the blacktop, the folks who put up the reflectors on the highways do not want rail passenger service. They don't want it, because they view it as somehow that will affect how many more highways they build.  In a sense, it will. If we, in fact, have Amtrak go belly up in the Northeast corridor, we are going to have to build other lanes of I-95--not figuratively, literally--we are going to have to build more lanes, unless you want to get on 95 and go bumper to bumper from Washington to New York, or maybe you do not want to go to New York anymore, but that is what it is going to take. You will have to do that.  You will have a few people make a whole lot of money, but you sure won't help the environment. You are going to pollute the environment more. You sure won't help in terms of safety, and you sure won't help in terms of public policy, and I do not know why we cannot get that through to people, why that doesn't resonate.  I realize we have a love affair with the automobile. I have a love affair with my automobile. I have a 1967 Corvette I had restored. Next to my kids--maybe my dog comes next--I love it. So I have a love affair with my car, too, but that does not mean I also cannot be rational in how I am going to approach what are the environmental and transportation needs for this country.  So what happens here? What happens here is that we are in a circumstance where--and I have not even mentioned yet the cuts to the 28 States that are small States in highway trust fund moneys. You have tens of millions of people going through my little old State of Delaware on I-95, and you just got our transportation money, highway money, too. You give us a nice double whammy here. I mean ``you'' in an editorial sense. The appropriations bill makes sure that we diminish the prospects of Amtrak, which is critically important to my region, and I think to the Nation. By the way, you are going to force us to have to build more highways, and then you turn around and say, ``By the way, we're not going to give you as much in highways.'' We are going to get less money this year with a $400 million increase in expenditures than we did last year with a highway bill that was $400 million less. Talk about sharing in the wealth. There is a lot of wealth to be shared, but the small States, 28 States, are not sharing this.  Without belaboring the point about the highways, it is not long ago the Senate passed its version of the Transportation appropriations bill. Under the leadership of Senators Lautenberg and Hatfield, that bill provided funding for Amtrak's capital function and important Northeast corridor improvement projects at appropriated levels. Some of my colleagues may recall, and I know that I do, that my good friend, Senator McCain from Arizona, offered an amendment to return to the completely inadequate funding levels that Amtrak had in the House version of the bill, which is what we are closer to now in this version. Specifically, his amendment would have cut the Northeast corridor funding to zero from $200 million in the Senate bill and would have cut overall capital spending in half from $250 million in the Senate bill down to $120 million.  Mr. President, we had what I would like to think was a pretty good exchange of views on the role of passenger rail in our Nation's transportation system and how our Federal system of Government allocates the many benefits and burdens shared by the citizens of all 50 States.  Senator McCain's proposal in the end was defeated by 82 to 17--82 to 17--and that was an overwhelming endorsement of the funding levels provided for Amtrak by the Senate in its version of the bill. But despite the best efforts of Senator Lautenberg, this conference report was a giant step backward toward the wholly inadequate numbers of the House bill, which is what Senator McCain was pushing.  The bill before us today is not just a step backward, it is a step on a very slippery slope toward the demise of our country's passenger rail system. Under the mistaken assumption that a penny cut from Amtrak's investment functions somehow is a penny saved, this bill actually offers us the formula for failure, as I referenced earlier, by cutting important investment functions.  Mr. President, the legislation actually reduces the efficiency of the remaining dollars spent on Amtrak. Good business practice that Congress has demanded of Amtrak requires investment in equipment and services that will increase ridership, increase revenues and increase Amtrak's ability to become self-sufficient when it comes to its operating expenditures.  Amtrak has undertaken just such an investment program, and the Northeast corridor improvement project is a major portion of it. By straightening out the right-of-ways, by strengthening bridges and overpasses, by extending electrification along the route between Boston and Washington, this project is going to make possible the inauguration of the most modern, high-speed rail connections along one of the country's most populous transportation corridors--and be able to be transferred, I might add, as well to the west coast.  All over the globe other advanced economies and some not so advanced are also providing such services to their citizens. This country is finally approaching the standard set elsewhere for clean air, fuel efficiency, and convenient passenger rail service that can take some of the load off the rest of our overburdened transportation system.  Mr. President, I wonder if anyone really thinks that the answers to our transportation problems lie in more asphalt, lie in more concrete, increasing our dependency on an already overloaded highway system in significant sectors of the country? If the improvements to Amtrak's Northeast corridor were fully funded and completed, it would remove 325,000 drivers from the crowded I-95 corridor--325,000. That does not even raise the issue of, if it goes under, how many people will it add to that corridor.  Herein lies the problem. Highway guys do not like that, to pull a third of a million people off I-95. Your maintenance is down, you do not have to pour as much concrete, you do not have to expand as much, though the air would be cleaner, there will be fewer accidents, there will be less overall cost to the economy, and there will be greater comfort and efficiency. That is what it is about.  Are we prepared to undertake the construction of more expensive airports? My friend from New Jersey and I are bordering States. One of the things they are trying to figure out in South Jersey and Northern Delaware is, as the Philadelphia airport continues to get overcrowded, what relief airports are we going to build? Where are we going to build other airports? How congested can the air get in a Delaware valley that is 10 million people? Think of what it is for my colleague from New Jersey in the northern part of his State where there is probably closer to 15 million. I do not know what the number is, but it is bigger than the Delaware valley.  Where do you go? How many airplanes can you circle? Come with me on a Friday night, sit out in my yard,which is just 22 miles from the Philadelphia airport. It looks like fireflies lined up as far as the eye can see, wasting fuel, wasting time, increasing dangers, because there is not enough space to be able to land all those planes at one time.  So what are we going to do? Are we going to build more airports? Let me tell you, that will cost you more than building more Amtrak capability. What it also does--concrete guys are happy. There is an awful lot of concrete in those airports, an awful lot of concrete.  So I just do not understand where people think this is going to go. I do not know where they think our traffic and control systems--how many more flights can they take, especially now? If you live in the middle of Montana or the middle of Nebraska or the middle of other parts of other big States, yeah, there is all kinds of room for this; there are not many people, but all kinds of room for more airports. But they do not need the airports there. They need the airports where we are.  So what you are saying to us on the west coast and the east coast and the congested areas is, you are saying, ``OK. Pick your poison, Biden.'' We either are going to congest the airways or we are going to congest the highways. We are going to increase the safety risk. Which do you want? I say, you are giving me a Hobson's choice. It is a false choice.  Have those systems in place, improve them--they will probably have to be expanded anyway--but give us also another alternative, a clean alternative, an economical alternative, in relative terms. Allow us to have rail transportation which will benefit the whole country.  As the distinguished ranking member of the Transportation Appropriations Subcommittee understands, and as Senator Lautenberg likes to remind us, annual ridership on Amtrak's Northeast corridor alone is equivalent to 7,500 fully loaded 757 jets. I did not know that number until he raised it. But think of that. Just the passengers in the Northeast corridor. Understand, the passengers in the Northeast corridor are going, in the Northeast, to either Washington, Baltimore, Wilmington, Philadelphia, Trenton, Camden, et cetera.  