 President, one wouldn't have thought that 40 years after the Montgomery bus boycott, 35 years after the freedom rides, and over 30 years after this Congress passed the most sweeping civil rights legislation in history--we would be on the Senate floor discussing an epidemic of burnings of historically African-American churches in the South.  But we are here, because what is happening is an affront to all Americans--whatever their race, whatever their religions. In the 5 years between 1990 and 1995, there were 29 fires at predominantly African-American churches in the South. In the past 18 months alone, there have been at least 43 such fires.  While a handful of these have been deemed accidental, most of them were intentional acts of violence--acts of violence not just against any property, but against churches.  The burning of a church is not merely a crime against a piece of property or even against an individual, as terrible as such violence may be. An attack on a church reaches deeper; it is an attack against an entire community.  A church, like any house of worship, is sacred. The sanctuaries, the pulpit, the artwork, and the prayer books all hold special meaning for the congregants.  To witness the destruction of a house of worship, to see its walls reduced to charred remains, is a wrenching experience.  When you lose your church, your synagogue, or your mosque, you lose something that goes to the core of what it means to be human, and to the core of the most basic freedom on which our Nation was founded.  For burning a church is a challenge to the entire concept of faith itself. I ask you, how could anyone who believed in God intentionally destroy a place where God is worshiped?  On top of this layer of emotion, we must also consider the special context of these particular church burnings. For, in African-American communities, churches not only serve an important spiritual role, they also have served a predominant cultural, social, and political role throughout the past century.  During the Jim Crow era, churches were the only institutions where African-Americans could choose their own leaders, participate in governance, and be treated with genuine equality.  Not surprisingly, almost all the leaders of the civil rights movement emerged from the African-American churches and these leaders infused the movement with its spiritual, moral, and non-violent character.  For this reason, when the segregationist or the men in white robes wanted to strike a blow against the civil rights movement, when they wanted to intimidate those who were taking to the streets to protest injustice, when they wanted to slow the change that was coming to the South, they attacked the churches.  Think back to May, 1963, when over 900 children packed the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, AL. And as they filed out of the church to demonstrate against segregation, Bull Connor turned his powerful water hoses against them, and demonstrated, for all the world to see, the unmitigated ugliness of segregation.  Four months later, a powerful firebomb ripped through the 16th Street Baptist Church. Four young schoolgirls were killed. Again, the country watched in horror.  So the violence against historically African-American churches in the South is especially meaningful and especially hurtful. These arsons hearken back to a time, when, to paraphrase Dr. King, people were judged not on the content of their character, but on the color of their skin.  They remind us of a time when violence and hatred against African-Americans was the norm, and justice appeared to be reserved for only one part of society.  These arsons represent not only attacks on spiritual institutions, but direct messages of exclusion to the African-American community. The purveyors of hate that are burning these churches are trying to say: You are different, you do not belong, we reject you.  But by standing here today and voicing our opposition, it is the perpetrators of this violence who are being rejected. It is their message of hate that is being reviled by the entire country.  And when we pass legislation to address church arson, the U.S. Senate will be standing on the side of the congregants of these churches and against those narrow-minded individuals who seek division and conflict rather than unity and harmony.  Even though these church arsons have been denounced by the overwhelming majority of Americans, and the Federal Government is conducting a full-fledged investigation into these crimes, these incidents stand as a vivid reminder that we still have a long way to go in building the type of society to which we all aspire.  We would all like to believe that we live in a color-blind society--that our country is filled exclusively with people of good faith that no longer take race into account in their daily lives.  But incidents like the Rodney King beating, or the Mark Furhman tapes, or the burning of three dozen African-American churches, hit us square in the face, like a splash of cold water, with the hard reality that, in America, race still matters.  Racism has been a cancer in the body politic since the birth of this country. We took the first step toward treating this illness after the Civil War, and we took another big step during the civil rights movement of the 1960's.  But even though the cancer has receded, it has not been eliminated root and branch. It continues to infect our society. If we pretend that we no longer need to be vigilant, if we accept the illusion that we live in a colorblind society, if we legislate or decide court cases on that basis, then racism will grow and spread--and we will see more churches burned and more manifestations of this lurking disease in years to come.  I do not mean to suggest that there has been no progress--there has been. Thirty years ago, many stood in silence when the churches burned. States and localities saw Federal authorities as intruders bent on changing their way of life.  Today, the public response has been overwhelming. Everyone opposes these church burnings; everyone wants to bring the perpetrators to justice.  Over 200 Federal agents, working together with State and local law enforcement, are investigating these fires, making this the largest civil rights investigation in history. Nation's Bank has put up a $500,000 reward for information leading to the prosecution of the arsonists. Habitat for Humanity has promised to assist all the communities that have lost churches.  Three decades ago, Southern legislators virulently opposed civil rights legislation. Today, the bill to address church burnings is being sponsored by Senator Faircloth from North Carolina and Senator Kennedy, whose brother was President during the tensest moments of the civil rights movement.  So, we have made some progress, just not enough. As Dr. King said from the steps of the State capitol in Montgomery, AL following the historic march from Selma: ``The arc of the universe is long, but it bends toward justice.''  We must join together to face this violence, and through our collective efforts, bring it to an end. Let this violence serve to bring us together to fight the prejudice that remains, to prod us to redouble our affirmative efforts to bring the races closer together.  Only through continued vigilance in our Government, in our schools, and in our homes, can we ensure that the ``arc of the universe'' will continue to ``bend toward justice.''  The legislation being introduced today, which I am cosponsoring, is a necessary response to the church arsons blotting our Nation.  First, it will make it much easier to prosecute church arsons as a Federal crime. It provides that anyone convicted of burning a house of worship based on racial, ethnic, or religious bias will be facing a potential 20-year jail sentence.  The bill also eliminates the current statutory requirement that $10,000 worth of damage must have occurred to trigger Federal jurisdiction for prosecuting a church burning.  Under this bill, anyone who defaces religious property--whether by shooting out the windows of a church or painting a swastika on a synagogue wall--will have committed a Federal felony.  The bill also authorizes the Department of Housing and Urban Development to provide loan guarantees for reconstruction projects to churches and other nonprofit organizations that have been victims of arson, and it provides additional funding for mediation services and training for local arson investigators.  Senators Kennedy and Faircloth are to be commended for putting together this legislation. It has my unqualified support and I urge the leadership to bring it up for consideration as quickly as possible.  Although I fully support this legislation, I want to emphasize that the best way to end these cowardly crimes is to apprehend a perpetrator, prosecute him, and lock him up.  Swift action of this sort will send the message that this conduct will not be tolerated and that anyone who desecrates religious property will be punished severely.  I am confident that the FBI and BATF are doing everything in their power to investigate these crimes and hopefully we will hear of some progress in the coming weeks.  Together, the Congress, our Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials, or communities, and each of us as individuals, can make a difference. We can force this campaign of terror to come to an end--and in doing so we will reaffirm the equality and the religious freedom of all Americans.  