 President, what I would like to speak to in an indirect way covers this. We have had several votes on wiretaps, and I know people are asking why am I introducing the other wiretap provision that was taken out of the Senate bill. The reason I am is I refuse to believe that, if you all hear this enough, you will not eventually decide to do the right thing on this.  The provision that I have proposed is not original with me. It was in the Senate bill that we passed. The provision would add a number--the bill we have before us, the conference report--would add a number of terrorism-related offenses to the law. I will go into those in a minute. What I have sent to the desk, if adopted, would instruct the conferees to add the same number of offenses that we are adding to the bill, to the law, to those categories of things for which the Government, with probable cause, can get a wiretap. It was in the Senate bill as introduced by Senators Hatch and Dole. It was part of the terrorism bill reported out of Representative Hyde's Judiciary Committee. Unfortunately, by the time the bill had made it to the House, the provision was dropped.  I think it is worth talking a moment about how a wiretap statute works, the one that is in place now in the law, for it seems there is a lot of misunderstanding about it these days. I am repeating myself again to eliminate the misunderstanding. As some people tell it, you would think the FBI and BATF and the local and State police are tapping our phones left and right, that they are riding down the streets in vans with electronic devices eavesdropping into our windows and houses--which they have the capacity to do, by the way. But that is just not the way it works.  First and foremost, it is not an FBI agent but a U.S. attorney, or even the Attorney General herself, who has the power to authorize the wiretap. No. Actually, that is not quite true. The ultimate authority to issue a wiretap sits only with a Federal judge. The U.S. attorney has the power to petition the court for a wiretap, but only a judge, a judge who cannot be fired, whose salary cannot be docked by any of us in Washington, who cannot be affected in any way, only a judge may disagree with something that the Attorney General does or does not do. It is that judge who must determine that there is probable cause to believe that a specific crime--not a general crime--a specific crime has been--not is about to--has been committed; that specific people are committing that crime, and that they are doing it at a specific place. The affidavit that the U.S. attorney takes to the court, to the judge, must also satisfy what is called the necessity requirement. The judge must be convinced that other less intrusive investigative procedures have been tried and failed--that is infiltration, that is eavesdropping in a conversation, walking by, any other method--has to be convinced that they have been tried and failed or that they are unlikely to succeed in any reasonable circumstance.  That necessity requirement is meant to ensure that wiretapping is not the normal investigative technique, like physical surveillance or the use of informants. These are very serious protections, Mr. President. I believe that interposing a court between the prosecutor and the wiretap is a citizens' best protection.  But even before we get to the judge who makes his decision, there is a very painstaking, stringent process within the Justice Department for determining when to seek a court authorization for a wiretap.  First, the agent in the field, under the supervision of his or her supervisor, must write an affidavit, a sworn affidavit, that they must sign that sets out all the particular facts relating to probable cause, because even if an order is granted based on the agent, if he is lying, then that information is gone even if the judge issued the wiretap order.  So, on the front end, you have to have a sworn law enforcement officer swear that the information they are writing down as to why they think a crime has been committed is true. They are liable. An assistant U.S. attorney then must take that affidavit from the FBI agent and draft an application and a proposed order for the court to sign. The package then must be sent from the U.S. attorney in Wilmington, DE, or in Manchester, NH, and sent down to Washington. The U.S. attorney cannot just walk into the courtroom of the Federal judge or to any of the judges, and say, ``Judge, I want a wiretap.'' They must send it down to Washington. Once the package is sent to Washington, the Criminal Division of the Justice Department takes a look and scrutinizes the affidavit and discusses any necessary changes or additions or questions they have with the U.S. attorney that is handling the case back in Manchester, Wilmington, or Salt Lake City.  Then a detailed memorandum summarizing the facts and legal issues and addressing the application's compliance with each statutory requirement is sent to the Assistant Attorney General. All these materials are then sent to the Assistant Attorney General or Deputy Attorney General for final review and final authorization, and then it is sent back to Manchester, sent back to Wilmington, sent back to Salt Lake City. The U.S. attorney then petitions the court and then goes in and sees a judge.  This is painstaking. It is time consuming, as well it should be, for we want to make sure that wiretaps are used in only the most serious cases. We want to make sure that they are used only as a last resort when all other less intrusive techniques have failed, and we want to make sure that the Government is not making unwarranted intrusions into our privacy. But we alsoneed to make sure that law enforcement has the tools, if they meet all these hurdles, to catch the bad guy.  Now, this provision that I have offered, that we already voted on, will provide an important tool. Let me just point out there is currently a very long list of crimes for which a wiretap can be authorized. Let me make this point because a lot of nonlawyers or people who do not practice criminal law are not aware of this as well.  You cannot get a wiretap, even if you do all the things I just said, unless you turn to the Criminal Code, and you have all these crimes listed in the Criminal Code. OK. You may find a crime in one section, and then you have to turn to another section, section 251, of the Criminal Code entitled, ``Authorization for Interception of Wire, Oral or Electronic Communications.'' And then you have to find there in subsection (c) the list of offenses for which you can get a wiretap. Not every crime is entitled to have a wiretap attached to it.  So it is a two-step process. First, you have to prove there is a crime being committed that is a violation of the Federal law. Second, you have to go through all these procedures that I outlined to safeguard that it is not willingly used by the Government to intrude on your privacy. And then, in that process, you have to make sure it is a listed crime for which you can seek a wiretap. OK.  Now, some of those crimes for which you can seek a wiretap are murder, kidnaping, robbery, extortion, bribing public officials, witnesses, or bank officials, obstructing justice, criminal investigations or law enforcement, all manner of fraud and embezzlement, destroying cars, wrecking trains. They are all listed, all listed. And this list goes on.  The provision I am suggesting here does only one minor thing: It would add a very serious and potentially deadly terrorism offense to that list, including new offenses that are added in this legislation. The legislation we are voting on, the conference report is this thing, and in here, to the credit of the chairman and I believe to me and others who worked on this, we add new crimes, new Federal crimes, terrorism crimes for which the Federal Government can go after you if you do these bad things. But we miss one important step. We do not take these new laws and add them to the list of those things for which you can get a wiretap. This would do that, would allow wiretaps with all the procedures for the new crimes of terrorism we have in here.  It is ironic. At first I thought it was an oversight, but obviously it is intended that you not be able to use wiretaps to deal with terrorism as we outlined in the bill.  I assume my time has expired.  