 President, let me get right to the point. What I am attempting to do here, so I do not confuse my colleagues who do not have the opportunity or requirement to deal with the drug issue as much as I do, I am attempting to change the schedule--that is the term of art--of these two particular drugs, Rohypnol, and another drug which is referred to as ``Special K,'' and I will get into this in a minute.  They are now the lowest classified drug that you are not able to use. I want to move them up into the highest classification, which make them a schedule 1 drug, the most dangerous drugs that are out there. When you change the schedule, you change all the resources of the Government as to how much attention they pay to the illicit use of these drugs.  Now, the best time, Mr. President, to target a new drug which is coming on to the scene is at the front end. For example, I remember Senator Moynihan in the early 1980's standing on the floor of the Senate and saying, ``Hey, look, there is a new drug called crack cocaine.'' It had not been around before. ``There is a new drug called crack cocaine that is being used heavily in the Bahamas. We are beginning to see it being imported in New York. We really should set a priority to deal with that drug.''  Now, that is one of the whole purposes for drug strategy: You pick priorities and say, ``Look, we will focus on this drug or that drug.'' I know the Presiding Officer knows what happened. He knew in Utah long before they found out in Iowa, and they have not found out yet in Delaware, but they knew before him in California about a thing called methamph- etamines--``meth.'' What most people do not know, but the distinguished Presiding Officer knows, is that there are more drive-by shootings in Salt Lake City than any other major city in the country--one of finest cities, lowest crime rates in the country.  What happened? Along came this drug called ``ice,'' or methamphetamine. It is a drug that is manufactured, that has properties that are similar in effect and that are more intense than cocaine. All of a sudden, the gangs that were manufacturing this synthetic drug, the Bloods and Crips in Southern California--things got too hot for them there, so they literally moved to Utah. Then things got too hot for them in Utah, and they moved up into Montana and Idaho. Now they have moved, literally, into Iowa, which is a major producing State now.  So what is happening then? It is like a wave. See, ``ice'' started in Hawaii, and we had notice of it. I have been hollering about it for 6 years now. But we did not focus on it. We always wait until the wave hits us before we focus on it. Then it hit California, and literally, you could see it working its way across America.  Now, the reason I bother to say that is that when we have moved before an abuse of a particular drug has overwhelmed our communities, we have been successful. The advantages of moving early are clear. There are fewer pushers trafficking in that drug, and, most important, there are fewer dependencies, fewer people dependent on the drug, so there are fewer people needing to go out and push the drug they are dependent on to make the money to consume the drug. Literally, we can get it before the networks are in place.  There are organized networks, and there are networks that come about as a consequence of the consumption, because the people consuming need to make money to continue to consume their drugs. So what do they do? They make a deal with their pusher and say, ``I will get you two more customers.'' It is kind of like the old pyramid scheme. But the problem is, once the pyramid has been built, we play heck with trying to break it up at that point.  So today, we are tracking the arrival of two new drugs, Rohypnol, and a drug called ``Special K''--I will get into that in a moment--as they begin their slow popularity across the country and begin to show extreme popularity in several States. So today--now--is the time to act on trying to snuff them out before they become too popular.  There is a heightened urgency because of one stark fact. These new drugs--the one with the slang name ``Special K,'' which is an animal tranquilizer, I might add, and Rohypnol, which is a different drug--are being used primarily by our children. Now, all of a sudden, everyone from the administration to the Republican-controlled Congress, including Democrats in the Congress, has discovered that drug use among youth is up.  I came to the floor of the U.S. Senate a year and a half ago and laid out the facts, figures, numbers, and even wrote a report that you all got stuck on your desk. Understandably, like most reports, none of us read them. In the report, I start off saying, ``Our Nation has already seen the first signs of a trend that chills every parent--a rising drug use among young children. This is the proper focus of our national crime debate in the months ahead.''  That was a year and a half ago. I laid out all the reasons why it was there. To anybody involved in the drug problem, dealing with the drug issue, they are not surprised by the figures. But all of a sudden, in this election year, Democrats and Republicans alike have found that we have a problem with youth violence and a problem with drug abuse among our young.  Well, I am here to tell you all again that we have an additional problem. We have an additional problem. There are two particular drugs that are gaining vast popularity among young people, and they have an incredibly negative effect, which I will describe in a moment, and we are not targeting them. They are schedule 4 drugs, which means they are at the bottom of the heap. They are viewed as the least dangerous of all the things out there. As a consequence of that, Mr. President, what happens is, local police don't focus on them, Federal resources don't focus on them, parents don't pay attention to them, nobody looks at them because they are the thing that is the least problematic. Well, these two are incredibly pernicious.  So that is why I am calling on the Senate to pass legislation to make both of these drugs subject to much stricter regulation. This can be accomplished by moving these drugs to a different schedule under the Federal Controlled Substance Act. I realize that sounds bureaucratic. But it is a big deal, how you schedule the drug. This is not a step, I might add, to be taken lightly, because there is a regulatory procedure in place for scheduling controlled substances. Unfortunately, this regulatory procedure can take years to accomplish and change. It has to be done now. It has to be done now.  In the past decade--to underscore my point here--Congress has taken legislative action by going around or over the bureaucratic procedure to reschedule drugs. Guess what? It has worked. In 1984, Mr. President, I came to the floorof the Senate and I said, ``Hey, look, what I am hearing from all the drug experts in the country is that Quaaludes are being abused in proportions that we should be very worried about. They are on the verge of becoming an epidemic that, in fact, will impact upon young people.'' And so, with the help of many of my colleagues, we passed a law to make Quaaludes, a previously medically approved sedative, a controlled substance, a schedule 3 controlled substance.  Now, Mr. President, in the decade since that legislation took effect, Quaalude abuse has dropped significantly. Emergency room Quaalude overdoses--the best way to measure abuse is by the overdoses in the hospital emergency rooms--are down 80 percent. It worked; they are down 80 percent from 1984 to 1994.  In legislation I sponsored, which was passed as part of the 1990 Crime Control Act, steroids were reclassified as a schedule 3 substance, scheduling them to more strict controls. I see my friend from Florida on the floor. He has been deeply involved in these drug abuse issues. He can tell you that we were hearing from every athletic director, we were hearing from every coach, we were hearing from schoolteachers, we were hearing about this incredible abuse of steroids. All you had to do was pick up any magazine, from Sports Illustrated to Time magazine, several years ago, in the late 1980's and early 1990's, and they are saying, ``Wow, this is a big-deal problem.'' It was a big-deal problem. So we rescheduled the drug. Since we rescheduled the drug, subjecting it to stricter regulation, the annual use of steroids is down 42 percent in the first 2 years after enacting this legislation.  Mr. President, I just cite this to point out to the skeptics--like in California the referendum for the use of marijuana for medical uses--to the people who have given up--whether it is William Buckley, Mayor Schmoke, George Shultz, or whoever, who are talking about legalization--the reason they are giving up on that stuff is not because they think it is good to legalize it, but they don't think we can do anything about the problem. Well, we can. It is like any disease. It is like anything, from breast cancer to any other disease you can name, the earlier you detect it, the quicker you act on it before it spreads, the better your chances are of dealing with it.  It seems to me, Mr. President, it is time to legislate stricter controls for Rohypnol and ``Special K.'' The record-high abuse rates of the 1970's were accompanied by a unique drug culture, signified by the presence of what used to be called ``club drugs.'' By a club drug, I mean a drug popular with youth and young adults who frequent dance clubs and often mix drugs with alcohol and other substances.  Quaaludes are one of those club drugs. That is the manner in which they were consumed because it enhanced the high and you were very mellow.  Recently club drugs have made a resurgence in popularity, and they are now showing up in both bars and what they call ``raves.'' For some of you who are not as old as I am, ``raves'' are all-night dance marathons popular with teenagers.  Club drugs are typified by the way they have suddenly gained popularity and have become a drug of choice. They have become trendy among youth, and often these drugs are legally manufactured, but are being used by youth in ways unintended by the manufacturer and unapproved by the Food and Drug Administration.  Rohypnol and ``Special K'' are two of the drugs which have recently hit the youth scene and quickly become popular. Both of these drugs are very dangerous drugs whose current legal status does not reflect the dangers inherent in their abuse.  Rohypnol abuse was first documented in the United States in 1993. Although abuse was first noted in southern Florida, in the past 2 years abuse has spread rapidly, and Rohypnol activity has been reported in more than 30 States.  Without rapid and strong Government action, I predict that this abuse will continue. It will spread. Teenagers find Rohypnol an attractive drug for a number of reasons. Frighteningly, one of the major reasons that youth do not see Rohypnol as a dangerous drug is because it has legitimate medical use in some areas of the world, and they mistakenly believe that if they are taking that drug in its original packaging form, the manufacturer indicates that it is both safe and unadulterated. They think, ``Well, how can that hurt me? Why is that a problem?''  In addition, there are few existing means for testing and prosecuting youth for Rohypnol possession and intoxication. The combination of Rohypnol and alcohol makes it possible for a young person to feel very intoxicated while remaining under the legal blood-alcohol level for driving. That is one of the reasons for its popularity.  In addition to gaining attention for the increasing rate of abuse, Rohypnol has also been the focus of another social problem, a particularly ugly crime: that is what is referred to as date rape. In fact, in many areas and in a number of newspaper accounts, Rohypnol is referred to as the ``date rape drug.''  Let me explain why. This connection between Rohypnol and rape is due to the drug's disinhibitory effects and its likelihood of causing amnesia when it is taken with alcohol. Unfortunately, the amnesia effect is one of the reasons why many people who abuse Rohypnol are attracted to it. It is commonly reported that people taking Rohypnol in combination with alcohol typically have blackouts and memory losses that last 8 to 24 hours. The novelty of the blackouts attract youth, particularly youth who are combining drugs and alcohol.  In addition, this has led to it being referred to as the ``forget me pill'' or the ``forget pill.'' Even more frightening, many of the people are finding the drug attractive as a way of creating blackouts in other people.  So we have increasing accounts of unscrupulous males in almost every instance literally--back in our day you would hear the phrase, or my grandfather used to talk about a Mickey Finn--spiking somebody's drink. There is a real reward when a young man spikes a drink of a young woman: (a) she becomes much more uninhibited; and, (b) when he takes advantage of her, rapes her, has sex with her, molests her, she is incapable of remembering with enough specificity to prosecute him that he is the one. Let me give you an example.  She will be able to remember that she has been violated. So the damage is done physically and psychologically. But when in a courtroom being asked by a cross-examining defense attorney, ``Well, tell me where you were exactly. Tell me what he was wearing. Tell me what room you were in.'' All of the things that go to credibility, she is incapable of remembering.  So it has become increasingly popular to abuse young women. That is why they call it--not just young women, any woman. But because it is used in this club scene, that is the place that it is used most often.  So the combination of a lack of inhibition and memory loss caused by Rohypnol mixed with alcohol makes women especially vulnerable to being victims of date rape by people who convince women to take Rohypnol while drinking, or who put the drug in the woman's drink without her knowledge.  