 Mr. President, my principal modification is straightforward: it adds the Republic of Slovenia to the current list of three countries that Congress finds as having made significant progress toward achieving the stated NATO membership criteria and are therefore eligible for additional assistance described in the bill.  Mr. President, Slovenia should join Poland, the Czech Republic, and Hungary on this list for the following reasons:  First, Slovenia's progress in meeting the NATO membership criteria has been second to none, and probably the very best in Central Europe.  Second, Slovenia would provide the essential land-bridge linking current NATO member Italy and likely future NATO member Hungary.  Third, Slovenia is the only country in the area that has recently proven its military tenacity and, hence, its ability to contribute to the security of NATO, having successfully defeated the invasion attempt of the Yugoslav National Army in 1991.  Mr. President, in offering this amendment I want to underscore that I have not yet made up my mind about how I will vote on the NATO candidacy of any individual country. The answers to the questions posed by the senior Senator from Georgia in this amendment to the Defense authorization bill for fiscal year 1997 will help form my opinion on NATO enlargement in general. How well applicant countries fulfill Alliance membership criteria will, of course, be a determining factor in my ultimate vote on individual candidacies.  I do believe, however, that the amendment to the Foreign Operations appropriations bill currently offered by the Senator from Colorado is a prudent one, in that it seeks in a modest way to assist a small group of countries who have made the greatest progress toward meeting the NATO membership criteria. My amendment simply recognizes the fact that Slovenia indisputably belongs in that small group.  Mr. President, Slovenia is a small country of 2 million citizens in the far northwestern corner of the former Yugoslavia. Without fanfare and without the publicity that has accompanied change elsewhere behind the former Iron Curtain, Slovenia has rapidly created a solid democracy and a prosperous market economy. Its Western European-style coalition government is a model of stability. Economically, Slovenia now can boast of a per capita GNP approaching ten-thousand U.S. dollars, by far the highest of any country wishing to join NATO.  Moreover, Slovenia has put its nose to the grindstone, strenuously attempting to fulfill the membership criteria that the Alliance has announced. What has been the result?  Mr. President, no less an authority than U.S. Secretary of Defense William Perry flatly stated last year that of all the countries of Central and Eastern Europe ``Slovenia has made perhaps the greatest progress in the transition to democracy, the transition to a market economy, and the smooth turnover of the military to civilian control.'' That, I would submit, is no small praise.  Slovenia's geographical location also argues strongly for its inclusion in the likely first group of new NATO members. Wedged between the northern Adriatic Sea and the Alps, it connects Italy, a charter member of NATO, with Hungary, which appears in the bill's list of preferred applicants and, solely on the basis of its accomplishment, would likely be in the first group admitted to the Alliance. Without Slovenia in the Alliance, however, Hungary would not be contiguous with NATO territory, a situation which could harm its chances for admission in the first group.  It must be added that this spring Italy and Slovenia settled a long-standing dispute over property rights, thereby clearing the way for Slovenia to sign an Association Agreement with the European Union and further cementing its ties to Western Europe.  Finally, Mr. President, little Slovenia--alone among NATO applicants--has proven that it can defend itself and be a net contributor to the security of the Western Alliance. After declaring its independence from the crumbling Yugoslavia in the spring of 1991, Slovenia had to face an invasion by the Serbian-led Yugoslav National Army or J.N.A. For ten days Slovenia stunned the world by routing the better armed and numerically superior invaders, until they withdrew, tacitly acknowledging Slovene independence.  So, Mr. President, by any standard Slovenia deserves to be included with Poland, the Czech Republic, and Hungary in the list of countries that are eligible for targeted United States transition assistance.  I would close with two brief observations. First, including Slovenia in this group would not only constitute recognition of its remarkable political, economic, and military record over the past 5 years; it would also serve to destroy the unfortunate stereotype emerging from the dreadful Balkan warfare that all South Slavs are incorrigibly violent people who cannot cooperate to improve their situation.  Finally, adding Slovenia to the bill's preferred list would lend more credibility to Congress's response to the NATO enlargement process. It would demonstrate that we are clearly focused on strengthening NATO and not, as some assert, only responding to interest-group politics. There are, to be sure, Slovene-Americans who undoubtedly have a special desire for Slovenia to join NATO, but they have not been especially active on Capitol Hill. There are undoubtedly Delawareans of Slovene descent, but to the best of my knowledge I have never been approached by any of them in regard to this issue.   Mr. President, because of its outstanding criteria-based accomplishments, its geostrategically important location, and its proven military record, Slovenia deserves to join Poland, the Czech Republic, and Hungary as eligible for additional transition assistance for NATO membership. I urge my colleagues to vote for the Brown Amendment as modified.  I thank the chair and yield the floor.  