 President, let me respond about this conspiracy. I acknowledge that, if, in fact, there is an agreement with the bombmaker, the bomb teacher, and the bomb user, and they could prove that, then they can get the bomb teacher as part of this conspiracy. That is not how this happens. The way it happens is someone walks in telling me--and looking like they are something out of a movie--telling me, and I do not know them, that they want to learn how to make a fertilizer bomb. ``I want to learn how to make a bomb out of baby food, a baby-food bomb, or a light-bulb bomb''--that is all they tell me, and I do not know them from Adam. I sit down and tell them how to make the bomb. The ability to prove that there was a conspiracy to commit a crime requires that there be an ability to be an agreement between the two of us about the crime that was about to be committed.  I am saying it should be a national crime if you intend, or you know the person is about to do something wrong regardless of whether you know what the crime is, what they are going to do with it. Obviously, if a 14-year-old kid comes to you and says, ``By the way, I want to learn how to make a baby-food bomb that has the ability to blow up, has the power, like advertised here, that can bend the frame of a car,'' you are telling me that you have to be able to prove conspiracy. If the guy says, ``I am happy to show you how to make that, just like I can show you how to make a rocket in the field for a science class,'' there is no distinction. And under this law, there is no conspiracy.  You vote against this, and it means someone can show a kid how to do that and not have to wonder why this kid is asking me how to make a powerful bomb that can bend the frame of a car. You cannot prove conspiracy. But it should be wrong. It should be wrong. And how any of you can vote here and say that is not wrong is beyond me.  I think it is about time we make some of those people hiding over in the House side stand up. Make them stand up.  I want to be there when some punk on the New York subway decides he wants a baby food bomb just for the kicks of it, just to see what it is like, and sets it off. You mean to tell me when we find the guy who taught him how to do it, we should say, ``No problem; you didn't do anything wrong. It's OK; no problem.'' I think we should throw the sucker in jail.  I cannot understand how you all can vote against this. I understand the rationale. The rationale in part is 35 House Members, or 75 House Members or 99 House Members will turn down the whole bill because of this. I do not believe for 1 second that if this single provision were added to the bill, with all the stuff they have on habeas corpus they want, with all the other stuff they say they want, they are going to vote down this bill because now you are going to be able to arrest some wacko teaching our kids how to make bombs when you know they are going to use them. I cannot believe that. I think we are being cowardly in our willingness to confront whoever the cowards are over there who will not allow us to protect ourselves. This is crazy.  I yield the floor. I yield back my time. I am ready to vote.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Inhofe). The Senator's time has expired.  