 President, since 1987, when I first proposed an overhaul of the welfare system, I have argued that welfare recipients should be required to work. None long years later, I am pleased that it is finally about to happen.  It has been a long road. I was pilloried by many of my friends back then for even suggesting the idea of requiring work. Today, I think everyone here believes that work should be the premise of our welfare system.  It was unthinkable a few short years ago, that we would limit the time that people could collect welfare benefits. Today, I think that is a proposition on which nearly everyone here agrees.  And, on the other side of the aisle, it was just a few short months ago, that many were unwilling to invest sufficient amounts in child care so that the children of welfare mothers would be taken care of when their mothers went to work.  We have come a long way toward reaching agreement on how best to reform our failed welfare system. And, much of that meeting of the minds is reflected in this bill. So, I will vote for it, although I believe it could have been better.  I would feel much more comfortable if we were here today debating and voting on the Bipartisan Welfare Reform Act that Senator Specter and I introduced in the Senate and that Representatives Castle  and Tanner introduced in the House. It was more realistic in putting people to work; it was more compassionate to the children who did not ask to be born in poverty; and it was a model of bipartisanship from the very beginning.  Unfortunately, the Biden-Specter, or Castle-Tanner, bill is not a choice facing us today. Today, we have but one choice: this bill with its flaws or the current flawed system. And, in weighing the alternatives, the flawed--I should say failed--status quo is simply no longer an alternative.  The culture of welfare must be replaced with the culture of work. The culture of dependence must be replaced with the culture of self-sufficiency and personal responsibility. And, the culture of permanence must no longer be a way of life. I will vote for this bill, Mr. President, because it is a step toward changing the culture.  This bill will require welfare recipients to work in exchange for their benefits, and it will limit the amount of time that families can receive welfare. The bill will increase our investment in child care so that welfare mothers can go to work, and it will go after the deadbeat dads who refuse to support their own children. Finally, it will crack down on fraud in the Food Stamp Program.  These are important and crucial changes that need to be made in our failed welfare system. They have been my priorities in reforming welfare, and this bill meets those goals.  But, we should not fool ourselves. There will be people, many of them children, who will fall through the cracks because of this bill. I do not know how many. I have heard numbers thrown around on how many more poor children there will be under this bill. To tell the truth, no one knows for sure. But, there will be some. And, for that, we should not brag or boast or pound our collective chests or, as one Member of the other body did yesterday, claim that this will be great for America.  However, that's not a reason for failing to move forward. It is a reason for watching closely what happens as we move forward. As this new welfare system is implemented, we must monitor it with a microscopic eye. And, I hope the authors of this legislation will be as willing to make corrections if corrections are needed as many of us have been willing to vote for a good, but not perfect, bill.  And, this is not a perfect bill. In fact, I do not even believe this is the best bill we could have written. But, it is a good bill. And, it is time to move forward.  