 President, I yield myself such time as I may use within the limit of the time I have.  This provision is very straightforward and simple. It is beyond me why it was taken out of the Senate version of the language that was sent to the House.  I have heard many colleagues stand up on the floor here and rail against pornography on the Internet, and for good reason. Even when we thought we had corrected the language that Senator Exon introduced to comport with the first amendment, I still hear in my State, and I hear of people writing about how so and so is promoting pornography on the Internet because they will not ban pornography on the Internet.  Yet, in the bill, we came along--all of us here--and the genesis of this came from Senator Feinstein, when it was initially offered. The majority leader, Senator Hatch, and I had some concerns with this, and we thought the language to ban teaching people how to make bombs on the Internet or engage in terrorist activities on the Internet might violate the first amendment. Senators Dole, Hatch, and I worked to tighten the language and came up with language that was tough and true to civil liberties. It was accepted by unanimous consent.  We have all heard about the bone-chilling information making its way over the Internet, about explicit instructions about how to detonate pipe bombs and even, if you can believe it, baby food bombs. Senator Feinstein quoted an Internet posting that detailed how to build and explode one of these things, which concludes that ``If the explosion don't get'em, the glass will. If the glass don't get'em, the nails will.''  I would like to give you a couple of illustrations of the kinds of things that come across the Internet. This is one I have in my hand which was downloaded. It said, ``Baby food bombs by War Master.'' And this is actually downloaded off the Internet. It says:       These simple, powerful bombs are not very well known, even      though all of the materials can be obtained by anyone      (including minors). These things are so--  I will delete a word because it is an obscenity.       powerful that they can destroy a CAR. The explosion can      actually twist and mangle the frame. They are extremely      deadly and can very easily kill you and blow the side of a      house out if you mess up while building it. Here is how they      work.  This is on the Internet now. It says:       Go to Sports Authority or Herman's Sport Shop and      buy shotgun shells. It is by the hunting section. At the      Sports Authority that I go to you can actually buy shotgun      shells without a parent or an adult. They don't keep it      behind the glass counter, or anything like that. It is      $2.96 for 25 shells.  And then it says:       Now for the hard part. You must cut open the plastic      housing of the bullet to get to the sweet nectar that is the      gun powder. The place where you can cut is CRUCIAL. It means      a difference between it blowing up in your face or not.  Then there is a diagram, which is shown as to how to do that on the Internet. Then it says:       You must not make the cut directly where the gun powder is,      or it will explode. You cut it where the pellets are.  And then it goes through this in detail. And then it gets to the end, and it says:       Did I mention that this is also highly illegal? Unimportant      stuff that is cool to know.  And then it rates shotgun shells by two numbers, gauge, pellet size, and goes into great detail. It is like building an erector set. It does it in detail.  So what Senators Dole and Hatch and I did, we said you should not be able to do this, but we have a first amendment problem, possibly. So we added a provision that says that you have to have the intent, when you are teaching people how to do this, that the person using it is using it for the purpose of doing harm.  So it seems to me that this is pretty straightforward. Granted, I want to stop pornography on the Internet. I think pornography does harm to the minds of the people who observe it, particularly young people. But if that does harm, how much harm is done by teaching a 15-year-old kid, a 12-year-old kid, or a 20-year-old person, with great detail, how to build a baby food bomb, or how to build an automatic particle explosion provision, or how to build light bulb bombs.  It says:       An automatic reaction to walking into a dark room is to      turn on the light. This can be fatal if a light-bulb bomb has      been placed in the overhead light socket. A light-bulb bomb      is surprisingly easy to make. It also comes with its own      initiator and electric ignition system. On some light-bulbs,      the light-bulb glass can be removed from the metal base by      heating the base of the light bulb in a glass flame, such as      that of a blowtorch and a gas stove.  And so on and so forth. It goes on to explain how if you attach a plastic back to the light bulb when you remove the glass part but leave the filament and attach it and tape it there, when someone comes in and turns on the light, it blows up the room. Or, if you want to just play a prank, you could put odorous, smelling materials in the bag. It would blow up the bag. But you can put anything in it, and it blows it up.  We said in the language we passed that it shall be unlawful for any person to teach or demonstrate the making of explosive materials, or to distribute by any means information pertaining to, in whole or in part, the manufacture of explosive materials if the person intends or knows that such explosive material, or information will be used for, or in the furtherance of, activity that constitutes a Federal criminal offense, or a criminal purpose affecting interstate commerce. And the House took it out. The House removed it.  I want to say to all of you who are going to probably vote down my putting this back in, I want to hear you explain to your folks back home when a commercial is run on your television station that Senator Jones or Senator whoever voted against prohibiting on the Internet explicit directions how to make a bomb knowing that the person intends to use it. I want to hear yourexplanation of that. I want to be there when you explain that one.  Let me read the statute again. It says: It shall be unlawful for a person to teach or demonstrate, et cetera, if the person intends or knows that such explosive material or information will be used for, or in the furtherance of, activity that constitutes a Federal crime. ``Knows or intends'' is a pretty a high standard falling, in my view, and in the view of constitutional scholars, well within our first amendment privileges. I just think this is crazy.  Let me go on just a few more moments, and then I will stop. The provision is pretty straightforward. If you are one of the guys who has made a name for himself by bringing manifestoes like ``The Terrorist Handbook'' or ``How to Kill With Joy,'' which literally are on the Internet, and if someone comes to you and says, ``Tomorrow morning a group of police officers are going to be meeting at the Fifth Street precinct, and I want to blow them up,'' and if you say to them, ``Here, let me tell you how to make a bomb,'' arguably at that point the police can get you on a conspiracy charge. That is possible. That is possible. But if you just know what they are about, you see them all out there in a car, you look down and see that they have this plan, and you go ahead and tell them how to make a bomb, it is not a violation of the law to teach them how to make the bomb. Is not that incredible?  Last June, all of us in this body agreed to this. I hope we will agree to it again because let me tell you, if this will kill the bill, as I am sure my colleague from Utah is going to say it will, I want to hear--if this is the only change in the bill--I want to see those House Members stand up and say, ``The reason I am not voting for this terrorist legislation is because I want to continue to allow people to teach people how to make bombs,'' knowing that they are going to be used to commit a crime or kill someone, ``And that is why I am voting against this bill,'' because it now contains a provision that prohibits that, I think maybe this is time to face down some of those people over there. Let them stand up and tell all of our colleagues around the Nation, and tell the parents around the Nation, that that is the reason they are voting against the terrorism bill.  I retain the remainder of my time and yield the floor.  