 President, I have spoken with the White House, and the President agrees that the only course to be taken on the 100,000 COPS Program is an unequivocal and unwavering support for adding 100,000 cops to our streets.  The irony of all ironies is, in my view, that after the years that Senator Kerry, Senator Wellstone, and others of us have fought for this program, we heard repeatedly--I mean, if I heard it once, I heard it a hundred times on this floor--``This isn't really going to be 100,000 cops.''  I watched Charlton Heston on TV in paid television advertisements. He would say, ``This is a phony thing. It is not 100,000 cops. This will not produce more than 20,000 additional police officers. It just simply is not''--and he went on and on and on and on.  I heard repeatedly from my Republican colleagues that all this was about was adding welfare workers. This was adding welfare social workers and no hard police enforcement.  We have only been doing this about a year, and we now have a total in the United States of America--and I will be repeating some of these numbers, because they warrant repeating--totally funded so far are 34,114 additional cops; direct hiring, 20,236; and the so-called COPS More Program, 12,678.  Bottom line, Mr. President, is more than 33,000 police officers are on the streets who would not otherwise have been on the streets doing community policing and have already been funded.  What is more, the results of the Community Policing Program, which all of my colleagues know now ad nauseam because the Senator from Massachusetts and I have been--for how many years now, I ask the Senator from Massachusetts, 5, 6 years we have been talking about community policing?  Because of community policing, because of the requirement that in order to get a single additional federally paid local police officer your whole department has to be involved in community policing, the results of these additional 33,000 police officers have been leveraged in a way that was not imagined by many. It was by the Senator from Minnesota, and that is, if you had a police force of five cops in a small town and they are not involved in community policing, in order to get one additional cop that you need, you have to put the other five in community policing. We have leveraged six cops into community policing, where there was none before, by merely one additional police officer.  Mr. President, there was only a total of about 525,000 local police officers before this began. There are those of us on this side, and I can speak for the President in this regard--and I seldom ever do that--bottom line is we want to make sure there are an additional 100,000 cops on the street when this is over, so we end up with 600,000-plus local police officers. As a result of what we have already done so far, community policing speaks for itself. More cops means less crime.  You know, there is not a lot we know about crime. We all think we know about it. We think we do not have to know the facts. I heard someone say--actually I heard Senator Simpson say it--everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but not entitled to their own facts. He was talking about something other than this, but the facts are that there is not a lot we know for certain about law enforcement and the criminal psyche.  But one thing we do know. If you have a cop standing on this corner and no cop on the adjacent corner and there is a crime that is going to be committed in that intersection, it will be committed on the corner where there is no cop. That is all we know. We think we know a lot of other things, but that we do know. So we need more cops.  To cite just one specific example, look what is happening in New York City. More police devoted to community policing has proven to mean less crime. In the first 6 months of 1995, compared to the first 6 months of 1994, let me read the statistics: Murder is down by 30 percent, robbery is down by 22 percent, burglary is down by 18 percent, car theft is down by 25 percent.  In the face of that success in fighting America's crime epidemic, it seems to me it would be folly to go back on our commitment of adding the remaining 67,000 cops called for under this crime law to the list. As a former President used to say, in a different context, ``If it ain't broke, don't fix it.'' Well, the COPS Program is working. It is not broke. It is fixing things.  Why are we doing what this legislation calls for, backing off of that commitment in both dollars and numbers and the requirement that local officials use this money to hire cops? That, unfortunately, is exactly what this latest continuing resolution proposes to do. Instead of fully funding the President's request for the 100,000 COPS Program, this latest proposal would slash the 1996 request of the COPS Program to $975 million, about one-half of the $1.9 billion called for.  Let me go back and review the bidding here just a little bit. That is that, unlike any other program, we set up a trust fund to fund these cops. We are not talking about new taxes here. We are talking about we made a commitment, with the help of the Senator from Texas, Senator Gramm, over 1\1/2\years ago, that we were going to cut the size of the Federal Government work force instead of letting it continue to grow as it did under two Republican Presidents with the help of Democratic Congresses.  What happened was we have kept that commitment. We have essentially taken a check that we were paying the Federal bureaucrat--I do not use that word in a derisive way, but in which we paid a Federal employee--when that person left Federal employment, we did not hire one; we took that check and sent it back home for folks to hire cops. We traded bureaucrats for cops.  Now, here we are, with money in the till under that program, and effectively defunding by $1 billion the request for money for cops. Not only is the 100,000 COPS Program subject to extreme cuts, but the latest continuing resolution also makes nearly $813 million of that money that is supposed to go to the 100,000 COPS Program to fund those cops into what we call down here--and we think everybody at home understands it--we call it a block grant.  You know what a block grant is? A block grant for this is like the old LEAA program, Law Enforcement Assistance Act. When I first got here, one of the first things I did--I remember I had gotten in great trouble with a senior Democrat named John McClellan from the State of Arkansas. I had the temerity to come to the floor and introduce legislation doing away with LEAA because I had been a local official, and I know how it works. We would sit around the county council meetings in my State--which is the largest representative body in my State in this particular county I represented--and we would say, ``You know something? We can save the county taxpayers' money.'' And a guy named Doug Buck, he and the county administrator said, ``Here we have X number of firemen,'' or X number of policemen in this case, ``on the county payroll. We'll fire half of them, we'll fire them, cut the budget. We'll tell the local taxpayers we're cutting the budget. And we'll take that Federal money for cops, and we'll rehire them. We'll rehire them with Federal money.''  So what happened was all of us, as local officials, could go home and say, ``You know, we didn't raise your taxes. We cut your taxes, and you didn't lose any services.'' But what happened was you did not get one additional cop. No new cops. The community was not one whit safer, but, boy, we local officials, we loved it. We thought it was a great idea. That is what a block grant is.  If you look at the language, I say to my Republican friends, if you look at the language closely under the block grant, the local officials can take this block grant money and they do not have to hire a cop with it, they can go out and use it for anything they think impacts on law enforcement. They can hire a public defender with it. They say, Who would do that? Well, the folks in Pennsylvania would do that. The folks in Delaware would do that. We both know it. You know why they do that? Because the local folks do not like telling the local taxpayers they are taking their tax money to hire a public defender. They do not want to do that. They know that is not a popular thing. But they know they have to have public defenders. They do not want to tell them they are taking the money to hire judges. They know that is not popular. So what do they do? They will take the Federal money and they will hire the public defender.  I say to my friend presiding in the chair, if this prevails, I will make him a bet--and anyone else in here--Pittsburgh; Scranton; Wilmington, DE; my hometown of Scranton, PA, Democrat, Republican, Independent alike will find a way to make sure that locally they look like they are getting tough, but there will not be more cops.  I support the public defender program. I think we need more judges. I think we need more protection. I think we need more social workers at the prisons. But let me tell you what I know I need: I need more cops. I need more cops in Delaware. Scranton, PA, needs more cops. Dagsboro, DE, needs more police protection. But that is not what will happen. So, $813 million that is supposed to go directly to hire new cops--do not pass go--go straight to hiring a cop, now can be used as a block grant. The approach just is not right. This so-called law enforcement block grant is written so broadly that money can be spent on everything from prosecutors to probation officers to traffic lights and parking meters, without having to hire a single cop. And that is not an exaggeration.  I challenge anyone on this floor or back in their offices listening or Senator's staff who are listening, go in and tell your boss, ``Come to the floor and debate Biden.'' If you can prove to me that you cannot locally, with this block grant, go out and buy parking meters or get a probation officer, if you can come and tell me that, I will stand corrected. But until that, understand, all my tough colleagues, Democrat and Republican, who are getting tough on crime, you are sending money back home to hire probation officers. The same outfit that was worried that the Biden crime bill which became law would be soft and hire all these social workers, now apparently are concerned because you really are hiring cops. I guess you all want to hire those social workers. I guess that is what you all are about. That is what you want to be able to do.  Now, if you do not want to do that, amend this on the floor and say the block grant cannot be used--cannot be used--for anything--and I will give you a list--from parking meters to probation officers, to courts, to judges. Did you ever ask yourself, those who are listening, why this block grant is so broad? Well, it is because, I guess, we do not like having all these extra cops.  Second, the block grant has never been authorized by the Senate. My friends on the Appropriations Committee like to talk about how they follow the process. Well, let me tell you, we know the Judiciary Committee--to the best of my knowledge, neither House ever authorized this. Let us be clear about what is being done here.  What this continuing resolution does is take the crime bill that has been passed by only one House, the House of Representatives, whose funds have been authorized only by the House, whose block grant ideas already have been rejected by the Senate. We have come at this a couple times in direct legislation. A couple of times I have come to the floor and we have debated it, and I have won. Not I have won, my position has won. Now we find it back in the appropriations bill. The block grant idea has already been rejected by the Senate and incorporated into an appropriations bill, so it is passed and funded all in one fell swoop, instead of people standing on the floor here saying, ``I don't want to fund COPS.''  Mr. President, we are going to legislate by fiat like this. If we are going to do that, then we might as well do away with the committees, with hearings, with subcommittee markups, with full committee markups, with careful consideration of authorizing legislation and with legislating in the sunshine.  I understand why you put it in the bill this way. You put it in the bill this way, in an appropriations bill in a continuing resolution, because then you can say, ``I tell you what, I did not vote to cut those cops. Not me. I voted for that big continuing resolution, but I had no choice. We had to do that. We had to keep the Government going.''  ``It was not me, Charlie.''  ``Honest to God, Mabel, I know your store got held up three times. You did not get the four cops.''  Let me give you an idea here. I will not take the time to submit the chart, but I will just give you a list of the pending requests that exist. I will repeat this again: Already more than half a billion dollars is pending in requests. Remember Republicans said local officials would not want this money, they would not come and ask for it because they kick in their own money? I know my friend from Massachusetts, a former prosecutor, understands this one. What are the reasons we wrote it this way? We knew cops were more popular than mayors. So they go, and the chief of police would say, ``Mr. Mayor, got good news. We can get 75 grand from the Federal Government. The bad news is we have to come up with 50 or 60 or 70, depending on the cost and size of the jurisdiction.''  The mayor always said, ``I don't know. I don't want to do that.''  ``No problem. We will tell the folks we do not want the Federal money.''  It happened twice in my State already. Guess what? The city council, county council, could not take the heat when the public found out they couldget the money and they were not asking for it. Well, guess what? Mr. President, 7,766 cops beyond the 33,000 are already requested and pending. That means the town councils, the city councils, the county councils have already sat down and made the hard decision that they will keep a commitment to hire a cop for another 5 years and have to pay half the freight in doing that. They did it.  Take a look. In the State of Delaware, we already have something like 120 new cops already. We only have an entire police force, if you count every cop in the State, about 1,500 in the whole State. We have some pending. In the State of Massachusetts there are 276 cops asked for, formally requested, ready to be certified. In the State of Minnesota, 100 cops, 7 million bucks, an additional 100. The State of Pennsylvania, 280 cops. Say we turn this to a block grant. That will be like water going through your hands. You will not get 280 cops in Pennsylvania or 400-some cops in Massachusetts, and so on, because there will be other priorities.  I, for one, happen to believe that is a terrible way to proceed, and that is through this block grant approach on COPS. That is reason enough for me to oppose the bill all by itself. If the Republicans want to change the crime bill, they have a right to try that, but we should do it the right way and have a vote on it. Wiping out a major piece of this most significant anticrime legislation to ever pass the Congress on an appropriations bill makes a mockery of the Senate process. The importance of the program we are considering, not to mention the perception of our institution, I think, demands better.  Before turning to specific problems with the so-called law enforcement block grants, let me preview the specific success of the 100,000 COPS Program. I do not know a single responsible police leader, academic expert, or public official, who does not agree that putting more police officers on our streets is the single best, more effective, immediate way to fight crime. Community policing enables police to fight crime on two fronts at once: They are better positioned to respond and apprehend suspects when the crime occurs; but, more importantly, they are in a better position to keep crime from occurring in the first place.  I have seen this work in my home State of Delaware where community policing in Wilmington, DE, taking the form of foot patrols aimed at breaking up street level drug dealing, is turning the city of Wellington and neighborhoods into a combat zone. The efforts successfully put a lid on drug activity, without displacing it to other parts of the city.  In practice, community policing takes many forms. Regardless of the need of a particular community, the reports from the field are the same: It works, it works, it works, it works. I am delighted to debate anybody who wants to come and make the case that community policing does not work. I will stand here as long as anybody wants and come back after I yield to my friend from Massachusetts. I will hang around for anybody who wants to make the argument to me that community policing does not work. I would love to hear it. I would love to hear it.  I suspect no one will come and make that argument, and no one will come to the floor and say we need fewer cops, and no one will come to the floor and tell me, no, they do not want more cops in their home State. No one will come to the floor and tell me that they want more of this COPS money to hire probation officers. No one, I suspect, will tell me that.  That is what this all does. That is what it does. The 1994 crime law targets $8.8 billion for States and localities to train and hire 100,000 new police officers over 6 years. Now, we will all remember the criticism of last year's program, the COPS Program. Republicans in Congress got Charlton Heston to go and say there will never be more than 20,000 cops, and ``Moses'' Heston could not have been more wrong.  As indicated, we already have 33,000 new local cops--not Federal cops, local cops--only after 1 year. Because of the way we set it up with the match requirement in spreading out the cost over a period of a year, the money will continue to work and keep working for cops on the beat well into the future. This is not just 1 year the cops have been at it. The progress will come to a screeching halt if my Republican colleagues have their way.  The continuing resolution includes new enforcement block grants. They call it new enforcement block grants, which has loopholes so big that it would prevent all the money to be spent without hiring a single police officer--not one. Read the proposal. Money is sent not to the police, as it is now, but to the mayors. The money may be used not only for the cops but also for other types of law enforcement officers or anything that ``improves public safety.'' Moreover, the money can be used for other vaguely defined purposes such as ``equipment technology and other material.''  Now, look, I am not trying to pick on local officials. They know what they need. They do not have to ask for a single cop. They do not have to ask for any of this. Let me point out, we are emasculating local budgets. As the Federal share of local budgets go, we are throwing many of our cities and States into chaos by our unwillingness to come up with some rational plan. Now, you are sitting there as a mayor; you already lost a significant portion of what used to be Federal funding for other programs, and now you have to make some tough choices. You have to make these really tough choices because you have less money and no growing tax base. Do you think you will put all the money into cops like we required to be done? What do you think? I wonder what the citizens back home who might listen to this think will happen? I wonder whether or not the mayor and the county executive and others, Democrat and Republican, would conclude it is better for us to spend this money on improvements of public safety because we need new traffic lights, we need new parking meters, we need new lights in the local playground, all of which are legitimate. They do not put a single cop on the street.  Let me repeat, under the Republican proposal, the dollars can be diverted to prosecutors, courts, public safety, and public safety officials. In addition, the block grants require any money spent for drug courts, crime prevention, law enforcement, educational expenses, security measures, or rural crime task forces be taken out of the money to hire new cops.  I see my friend from Utah just walking on the floor. He and I worked awful hard to make sure the rural crime task forces were funded and rural crime money--as I know my friend from Minnesota knows better than most of us here, rural crime is growing faster than urban crime, with less resources and training and capability to deal with it. That is why it is growing. That is where the drug cartels are moving. That is why the drug operations are moving to those areas. What do we do here? Right now, in the crime law that exists, there is money separately for rural law enforcement, separately for the drug courts, separately for all these things. This is the pea in the shell game of all the block grant stuff that relates to the money part of it. We are going to give you a block grant, give you more flexibility, and that is the good news if you are a local official. Even they like the good news. Here comes the bad news: Add it all up and it is less money overall. Less money is going home. A lot less money is going home. So they may think they can hire prosecutors and put in street lights with assets of hiring cops. But they have to do everything else they were going to do with less money.  Mr. President, look at the language of the bill. Not one new cop is required. All it says is--I am quoting--``Recipients are encouraged to use these funds to hire additional law enforcement officers.'' Encouraged to use these funds. That is a very strong directive, is it not? Encouraged. That is encourage, not require.  Mr. President, American communities do not need our encouragement. They need our help. They need more cops. We should not encourage the States to keep the commitment this Congress made to the American people. We should keep our word. We should keep our word. Let me also point out that this block grant will also force American law enforcement to wait for these dollars. It will take the better part of a year to draft regulations, preparing application forms to get these dollars out the door.  When we passed the crime bill last year, I did something that the Attorney General thought was a little strange. Two days after, I asked for a meeting with her in my office, and I said, ``General, I really appreciate all your support on this bill.'' She was supportive and for it. I said, ``Now, General, we have to make sure of one thing--that you are able to reduce this application to one page.'' They looked at me like I was nuts. My two colleagues here who know a lot about this know that the cops at home only have to fill out a one-page application. They do not have to go to the mayor, or to some grantsman, they do not have to go through the Governor, they do not have to go through the State legislature, they do not have to fill out forms in triplicate. One page. One. The cop sends it in. Guess who gets the answer? The cop. The cop.  When I told the cops back home this was going to happen, they looked at me and said, ``Joe, I love you, you are always with us. But come on, we did not think you would get this passed, but do not overpromise now.'' Go back and ask your local law enforcement people how complicated this is. All my Republican friends are real interested in making sure we do away with redtape and regulations. Well, this is a prescription for redtape and regulation. This is a prescription for it. If you want to delay it all, pass this.  The implementation of the 1994 crime law stands in stark contrast to the typical scenario where you will have to go through drafting regulations, preparing additional forms, getting the dollars out the door, getting them to the mayor's office before they get to the cop's office. It is a stark contrast. Instead of requiring the burdensome application often filled with entire binders, one-page applications were developed. Instead of waiting until the end of the year to disburse the funds, the money was awarded in batches beginning only weeks after the passage of this law.  So let us not destroy the momentum. Let us not destroy our effort to add 100,000 additional cops to protect our sons and daughters. I make a recommendation with some timidity to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. Go back home, find out every single cop that came to your State. You can get the names of the cops who were hired under the Biden crime law. You can get the names. And then just ask at the end of the year how many collars each of these cops made. Ask how many times the cop that was hired under that bill saved some young girl from being raped, arrested somebody who murdered somebody, broke up a drug ring working on the street. Look at the specific actions they took and then, after you do that, you come back and stand on the floor and you tell the people of your State and all of us here that it did not matter, that these additional cops did not matter. We down here talk in such broad strokes about things that sometimes we miss it. This is real simple stuff. If they hire John Doe or Jane Smith as a local cop in your town, your city, your county, just track them for a year. You tell me who would have arrested that person who burglarized your house or stopped it were it not for that cop.  In a word, Mr. President, the law is working. The crime law is already paid by the trust fund, is already being paid that way. Let me just add that the $30 billion crime law trust fund that uses the savings from cutting 272,000 Federal bureaucrats pays for every cop, every prison cell, every shelter for a battered woman and her child. That is provided for in the crime law without adding a single penny to the deficit or requiring one new penny in taxes.  The single-most important thing our communities need when it comes to fighting crime is more police. The current law guarantees that our money will be used for just that purpose. We should not abandon it, 1 year after enacting it, especially in light of the spectacular results that have already occurred. We must save the 100,000 COPS Program to ensure that the money for police is used only for police. We should not retreat now on this tough but smart crime package that is already hard at work preventing violent crime across the country. We should not retreat on the 100,000 COPS Program that we insisted on just a few months ago in this Chamber.  In conclusion, Mr. President--and then I will yield to my friend from Massachusetts--I want to make it clear. It seems to me an absolute travesty that we are out here trying to dismantle a law that nobody even attempted to make a case that it is not working. Not one single person has come to the floor of the U.S. Senate to make the case that this law is not working. I am anxious to hear and debate anyone who has that point of view. Yet, we are dismantling, and instead of dismantling it, we should be building on it. We should be dealing with an issue my friend from Minnesota knows about: violence among youth and the growing trend of violent youthful behavior. The growing trend is that crime is down in every category. The Senator from Utah and I are involved in a project through his leadership to deal with youth violence in this country. We should be spending our time on that. I should be spending less time having to constantly defend a bill that nobody has made the argument that it is not working.  I yield the floor.  