 President, I would now like to register my strong opposition to the question we are about to vote on, the conference report on H.R. 1561, the Foreign Relations Authorization Act.  In spite of some modifications, this report still, in my view, suffers from the fatal flaws that afflicted the Senate bill which we voted upon in December and I voted against.  This conference report would abolish three agencies that continue to serve the interests of the American people: The Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, the U.S. Information Agency, and the U.S. Agency for International Development.  While unwisely folding these agencies into the Department of State, it would severely cut funding for diplomatic activities, thereby further undermining our ability to carry out a coherent foreign policy.  The report also includes a sadly inadequate sum for foreign assistance, contains language that would be extremely damaging to POW/MIA identification in Vietnam, unwisely tampers with the 1982 joint communique with China, and generally attempts to give the impression that it is an internationalist piece of legislation.  Mr. President, the intent and impact of this legislation is not internationalist at all. No, the report is, in fact, yet another attempt at backdoor isolationism, in my view.  The legislation has its genesis in a deeply flawed ideological belief that no matter what the objective facts are, less Government tomorrow is better than whatever level of Government we have today. Following this simplistic logic, we have three independent agencies today so let us have two, or one, or even none tomorrow.  Never mind that all three agencies--ACDA, USIA, and AID--have all made significant strides in restructuring their activities and saving large sums of money and large sums of taxpayer dollars on their own accord.  Never mind that the missions of all three of these agencies are even more important today than they were during the cold war.  Less is more, so hack away. If this act were anything more than a numbers game, it would not blithely give the President a waiver authority to save up to any two agencies of his choice. It is like picking draft choices. I will trade you one and you pick any two you want.  It has nothing to do with anything other than the notion that less is better. For, if it were otherwise, we would say, ``Mr. President, you must deal specifically with this agency or that agency.'' This, however, is like giving up future draft choices.  The legislation appears at first glance to have been crafted in blissful ignorance, both of what has been going on in our foreign policy apparatus for years and what it takes to conduct American foreign policy around the globe today.  How else could one explain ignoring ACDA's increasingly critical watchdog role in nuclear nonproliferation. It does not matter that the cold war is over. We now face the danger of nuclear weapons in the hands of several new countries, including rogue States like Iran and Libya.  Moreover, terrorist groups threaten to get ahold of nuclear material for the purpose of blackmailing entire cities and potentially nations. Now, more than ever, we need the proven expertise and independent judgment of ACDA.  Can we really believe that the drafters of this legislation are unaware of USIA's technologically sophisticatedefforts to bring America's message to the world? Do they also not know that American public affairs officers are often our embassies' most proactive diplomats? Can they not see that merging them into a large bureaucracy would inevitably smother their creativity?  Mr. President, is it credible to believe that the innovative public-private enterprise funds that USAID has pioneered in Central and Eastern Europe have escaped the notice of the sponsors of this legislation? Do they really not comprehend that development aid is a cost-effective way to head off crises around the world?  No, I think the answer to all these questions is clear: Less is more, so let us slash, let us slash.  It is bad enough that absorbing these agencies would rob them of their independence that has served this Nation so well for decades. But, Mr. President, this legislation adds insult to injury by denying the State Department the necessary funding to adequately carry out the new functions it will now inherit, along with its current duties as the principal vehicle for the carrying out of U.S. foreign policy.  The sponsors of this legislation would have us believe that a profligate and bloated bureaucracy needs to be cut down to size. In my view, nothing can be further from the truth.  The international affairs budget is now 45 percent lower than it was in 1984.  Altogether, it represents only 1.3 percent of Federal spending.  Over the past 3 years alone, the State Department's budget has been cut in real terms by 15 percent, at the same time the Department's responsibilities have been increased with the birth of many new countries out of the wreckage of the Soviet Union.  We see what is happening in Bosnia. We know what is happening in all the former Soviet republics, and it makes sense for us not to have a presence there? It makes sense for us not to be involved? It makes sense for us to close embassies? It makes sense for us not to open consulates?  I cannot believe that is what is motivating this legislation. It is simply this notion that we should cut and slash.  Forced to respond to these fiscal stringencies, the State Department has taken some very painful measures:  It has cut its total work force by 1,700 persons.  It has downsized the Senior Foreign Service by almost one-fifth, and, in my opinion, this measure is a thoughtless waste of a national resource.  It had to cancel, for example, the 1995 and 1996 Foreign Service examinations--in effect, a tragic waste of a future national resource, namely, the best and the brightest college and university graduates who will be unable to join our diplomatic corps and serve this Nation.  It has cut its administrative expenses by nearly $100 million. Anyone visiting an American embassy abroad has seen our highly trained professionals doubling- and even tripling-up in cramped office space, even as they routinely work 12 hours a day or more.  Yet, Mr. President, some politicians see fit to use the Foreign Service and other agencies as whipping boys in an attempt to fuel this mindless anti-Government feeling that afflicts some of our fellow citizens.  I regret to say that last summer, one of our colleagues and a good friend of mine castigated American diplomats for allegedly working in ``marble palaces'' and ``renting long coats and high hats'' only a few weeks after Bob Frasure, Joe Kruzel, and Nelson Drew were killed on the Mt. Igman Road above Sarajevo--working not in a marble palace, but in an armored personnel carrier, and wearing fatigues, not long coats and high hats.  Finally, the State Department has been forced to close a string of diplomatic posts, thereby severely hampering our ability to carry out political, economic and cultural diplomacy in an increasingly competitive world.  I come from a State where there are a number of multinational corporations. They have historically--not solely, but in part--had access and information provided to them through economic and commercial officers at our consulates and our embassies. Why are we closing them? In the name of economy, in the name of the long-term future of American economic growth? What is the reason?  From all this, any objective observer, in my view, can see that the foreign policy apparatus of the United States has already been pared down to the bone.  What does this legislation do? After mandating that the State Department assume the functions of ACDA, USIA and AID, it calls for further budget cuts of $1.7 billion over the next 4 years.  I think this is a shell game which ends with nothing left under any one of the shells.  In effect, this legislation will also cripple our ability to head off crises around the world through diplomacy that this President and future Presidents of the United States will be faced with the stark choice of either doing nothing or sending in the military.  Let me make a truly radical suggestion, Mr. President. This year we gave the Pentagon $7 billion more than it asked for. I have consistently supported keeping the U.S. military the strongest military in the world, and I continue to do so.  But why not give the Pentagon only $5 billion more than it asked for and transfer the remaining $2 billion to the international affairs budget, keep the three agencies functioning, and enable this country to get back into the big leagues of international diplomacy?  Unfortunately, with our backdoor isolationists in control of this Congress, this perfectly sensible suggestion, I believe, is totally impossible.  No, Mr. President, this conference report is a triumph of ideologically driven romanticism. It speaks to an earlier, simpler age.  Unfortunately, though, we are approaching the turn of the 21st century. The world is ever more complex, not simple, and closing our eyes will not make the complexity go away.  This bogus administrative reform, combined with purposefully punitive budget cuts, is no more than backdoor isolationism, in my view.  This conference report ought to be titled ``The Smoot-Hawley Foreign Policy Act of 1996.''  It is a blueprint for the affairs of an inward looking, minor nation, not the world's only remaining superpower.  As you might guess, I will cast my vote against this backdoor isolationism, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same.  This is not a time to turn inward. This is a time to look outward. This is a time to claim our mantle, to engage in diplomacy, and to help shape a world that will make it safer and economically more viable for Americans to live in.  I thank my colleagues for their indulgence and yield the floor.  Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  