  The Jacob Wetterling Act requires States to enact laws to register and track the most violent, the most horrible--and least likely to be rehabilitated--criminals our Nation faces today. I refer to those criminals who attack our children and criminals who are sexually violent predators.  These criminals must be tracked. And local law enforcement must know when these criminals are in their communities. This was the reason I worked to include this important measure in the 1994 crime law. And I will also point out that almost all States have taken great strides to build an effective tracking system.  Now we seek to build upon this progress to meet three specific goals:  First, we must have a nationwide system that will help State and local law enforcement track these offenders as they move from State to State and will help by providing a backup system of tracking.  Second, while most States have established or are about to establish these systems, if any States fail to act, we cannot allow there to be a black hole where sexual predators can hide--and are then lost to all States. A nationwide system will track offenders if States do not maintain registration systems.  Third, we must ensure that the most serious sexual predators are required to remain registered with law enforcement officials for the rest of their lives.  All of these key goals will be met by this legislation. In addition, our bill will offer some improvements which are made possible by the nationwide system this bill will provide. For example, our bill will--  Require all offenders to verify their address on a regular basis by returning verification cards with their fingerprints.  Require that a nationwide warning is issued whenever an offender fails to verify their address or when an offender cannot be located.  Institute tough penalties for offenders who willfully fail to meet their obligations to register with the nationwide system in States where there is no registration and in cases of offenders who move from one State to another.  Notify law enforcement officials not only when an offender moves to their area, but also when an offender moves out of their neighborhood.  To offer just one of the practical problems a national data base will help local law enforcement address--Delaware law enforcement, because Delaware is so close to other States, will certainly need to know if a sexual predator lives just over the line in Pennsylvania. And only a national data base can provide this information.  To offer a real life example of why a nationwide system is needed--in Delaware, a sex offender was released last year. Fortunately, Delaware's offender registration law requires this offender--Freddy Marine--to be tracked by Delaware law enforcement. Since his release, Marine has moved to another State. The nationwide system established by this bill will help make sure that if Freddy Marine moves back to Delaware--our State law enforcement will know, and knowledge is the key to effective enforcement.  Let me also point out that our bill would still allow States the flexibility to decide when a community should be notified of the presence of a sexual offender, as State and local law enforcement is in the best position to decide when and how notification in their area is warranted. Frankly, our bill has erred on the side of registering many more offenders than may be necessary. Therefore, the specific decision to require community notification must be left to the State and local officials.  In summary, the sex offender tracking and identification bill is possible because States such as Delaware and Texas have done the hard work to build statewide registration systems. Wenow seek to build a system where all movements of sexually violent and child offenders can be tracked and we will go a long way toward the day when none of these predators will fall between the cracks.  