 President, I compliment my friend from Connecticut and our Republican colleagues.  Mr. President, it was not too long ago--1990-- that we first put the child care health and safety standards in place. The Senator from Connecticut--who led the effort--remembers all too well the extensive discussion--and, bipartisan compromise--that went into enacting these standards.  It would be unfortunate if we repealed them today. They were the product of a bipartisan effort 6 years ago. They were retained in the bipartisan Senate bill that passed here last September. And they are retained in the bipartisan Castle-Tanner bill.  Frankly, I am not sure why we are repealing them. Usually, we hear the argument about Federal requirements being a burden on people.  But, in fact, in my State of Delaware, the people who are the strongest supporters of these health and safety standards are the very people who have to comply with them--the child care providers.  Yes, child care providers in Delaware have come to me and said, ``Don't get rid of the safety standards. Don't get rid of the quality in day care.''  It may sound strange. But, think about it. They want Federal standards and Federal requirements because they remember what it was like before there were standards. And, they do not want to go back.  And at a time when we are increasing child care funding--and going to see significant increases in the number of children in day care as welfare mothers are required to work--it is crucial that the child care providers who will be caring for kids meet minimum standards. I don't think that's too much to expect.  In fact, I think every parent with a child in day care would expect no less. Parents who drop their children off every morning want to know that their kids will be safe. They want to be sure that they are not leaving their child at some fly-by-night, shoddy, unsafe, unhealthy day care center.  So, I just urge my colleagues to think about what is being proposed here.  I add one point, I do not know how we can, in fact, have the kind of bill we want without this amendment. I think it is very important. I yield the floor.  