 President, let me begin by thanking the Senator from North Dakota for his generous comments about my role in this legislation. I must say, I knew of the Senator when he was a Congressman, and I, quite frankly, have been impressed at how dogged he has been in pursuing tougher approaches to crime.  The Senator from Michigan spoke about frivolous lawsuits. He is correct, this is worthy of a debate at another time. I think his intention is positive. I think he may have the perverse effect of bringing about the exact opposite result he wants.  Unfortunately, a lot of what he suggested is in the bill before us. I kind of find it fascinating. We had this debate. We had a hearing in the Judiciary Committee. We did not do much else. Starting at page 153 of the continuing resolution and continuing for, I do not know how many pages here, entitled section 802, ``Appropriate Remedies for Prison Conditions,'' we essentially rewrite the law. The fact of the matter is, nobody in this body even knows what is in this bill. Senator Hatch's staff knows. Senator Abraham's staff knows, Senator Abraham knows, Senator Biden knows. None of you, I will bet you a million bucks, has any notion what is in this bill. Zero. I am willing to bet you anything.  But it will not be the first time I have or others have voted on things we do not know is contained in omnibus bills like this.  Let me respond to the comments about my amendment to restore 100,000 cops. A couple of my colleagues have stood up and said, ``100,000 cops, just not true, never going to happen.'' There are 33,000 cops already, just from the time we passed the bill, after spending $1.6 billion of the $8.8 billion. Then we heard, of course, 100,000 cops are never going to, nor should it, fund 100 percent of the local police now or in the future. That is true. No one ever said this was going to support 100 percent.  Guess what folks? The block grants do not either. The block grants do not do it either, nor should they. It is not the Federal Government's role to promise in perpetuity to the local communities to fund forever. This does fund 100,000 cops, and it does fund them for 5 years or so. The cops and the States are going to have to pick up the tab. Guess what? It funds 100 percent of what we give them in the block grant, but the block grant ends. I challenge any of my Republican colleagues to stand up and promise that this bill contains in perpetuity a commitment to continue to pay out of the Federal payroll for any cop hired under this bill. This is not going to happen. It is not supposed to happen. It was not designed to happen. So it is, what we used to call in law school, a red herring to suggest this fully funds the cops.  Funds are in the trust fund. We heard funds are just not there. The funds are in the trust fund. Let us recall the Republicans cut $200 million from the $4.287 billion that is in the trust fund in 1996 in their budget resolution. So if they keep up their efforts, maybe they will be able to deplete the trust fund so there will not be any money in it. The money was there. They cut the trust fund in the Republican budget resolution.  I also heard we have to end the Washington-knows-best philosophy. Well, that is what the 100,000 cops is all about. Local communities decide if they want to apply, local communities define local policing strategy for themselves and the Republicans call for a separate prison grant of $100 million that does not let them decide the same way that we allow them to decide, because communities have to pick up the costs for each cop after 3 years.  ``One hundred thousand cops is a lie,'' one of my colleagues said. My response is, neither 100,000 cops nor a block grant is going to be or should be a permanent entitlement program, and we do not want to federalize local police. There is no difference. No difference, except you get fewer cops and less money under the block grant approach.  Now we also heard New York City did not receive one new cop.  New York City got $54 million to redeploy 2,175 cops through the COPS More Program. So we gave them that money, the Federal Government. They put up the rest, and they were able to redeploy from inside the precincts 2,175 cops.  D.C. It was also said D.C. did not receive more cops. Response. D.C. got $6,076,163 to redeploy 626 cops under the COPS More Program.  Also, it was said, the city should decide between cops and computers. My response is, the COPS More Program is exactly that --$217 million in 1996 that helped relocate and redeploy 13,000 cops by not having to go back to the station house.  Also, I heard block grants give you the right to use the dollars to hire new cops. Well, my response is, it must be guaranteed, not an option to hire new cops or they will not be hired.  I also heard it said on the floor by one of my respected colleagues, ``I have long said 100,000 cops is a phony idea.'' Well, in November 1993, a lot of people did not think it was such a bad idea, including the Senator who thought it was a phony idea. I will not go through it because I would hate everybody reading everything I said back to me in the Record. But, you know, it may be thought of as a phony idea now, but it was not in 1993 when we were doing it.  The other criticism I heard is the continuing resolution level for 100,000 cops, $975 million, is sufficient to get us there. Well, $975 million is not enough for this year, 1996. The CR provided $407 million, and $276 million has already been spent, and $130 million will be spent on police technologies and police efforts to fight family violence and community policing efforts.  The current CR would provide a total of $975 million for COPS. Subtract the $407 million, and that leaves $568 million for the rest of the year, if the Hatfield amendment becomes law. But $522 million has already been requested through March 6. In other words, that leaves $50 million for all other applications that come in from now through September 30.  There is not enough. There is not enough. Just go back to your home States, ask them if they are going to stop applying. No. If the State of Oklahoma, if the State of Utah, if the other States, they do not want to apply for any more cops, God bless them. Wonderful, do not apply. But if they do apply and they qualify on the merits, there is no money for them. We already have something like--where is that chart--7,766 new cops requested so far this year--requested. Oklahoma wants 94 new ones.  My colleague says, ``Wow.'' Well, go tell the Oklahoma folks they do not need them. I respect that. But the idea there is enough for those who qualify and are requesting simply is not true.  We also heard Washington should not dictate local strategy. Well, my response is, we are not dictating local strategy. Nobody has to ask, and only big cities get COPS more dollars. That is also not true. You have got American Fork in Vermont, Carbon County, Duchesne County, Kane, Layton, Logan, Ogden, UT, Salt Lake, South Ogden--you know, the list goes on and on. I did not know they were big cities.  Based on a salary of $65,000 to $70,000, this will not fund 100,000 cops. The truth is, the average salary is $40,000. I reserve the 20 seconds I may have left and yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Abraham). Who yields time?  