 President, I do not plan on taking the entire allotted time on this side with this motion.  Let me be real clear about this. This provision was not in the Senate bill. It was offered by Senator Lieberman, and it was strongly supported by many in this body. But it was not in the original Senate bill.  This provision incorporates the President's proposal to expand emergency wiretap authority. Today, emergency wiretap authority is available for organized crime cases. This proposal simply makes it available for terrorism cases. This proposal says that what is fair for the mob is fair for Hamas. What is good for John Gotti is good for any terrorist from abroad. What is good for those involved in organized crime is good for terrorists. If the justification exists for organized crime in and the mob, why does it not exist for crimes of terrorism?  Let me first explain what an emergency wiretap is, because understandably a lot of people--I know many, like the Senator from Utah and the Senator from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, and the Senator from Vermont, Senator Leahy, all former prosecutors understand these wiretap requirements, but many do not.  An emergency wiretap--I will explain more precisely not only what it is but how it is limited. First of all, in all cases--or in most cases--the Government must go to a judge to get a court order before it can initiate a wiretap. But at the same time, Congress recognized there are emergency situations where time is of the essence and that completing the necessary paperwork and getting the judge's order will simply take longer than the situation allows.  I have gone through today probably a half hour's worth laying out precisely the safeguards built into getting a wiretap for a crime that is listed in the Criminal Code as being able to get a wiretap for, and how long and difficult the process is and should be. But the Congress in the past has recognized that there are situations under current law which allow the Government to initiate a wiretap without a court order. Here are the circumstances: where immediate danger, death, or serious physical injury exists; where conspiratorial activities threaten the national security, or a conspiratorial activity characteristic of organized crime activities exist.  Only the top three Justice Department officials--the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General, and the Associate Attorney General--have the authority under the present law to issue or to authorize any emergency wiretap.  If the law stopped there, I would agree with those who object to this amendment. I would agree that it does not go far enough to protect our civil liberties if all it said was one of the three top the Justice Department officials can initiate a wiretap. But the law does not stop there now. It does not allow Federal officials to operate on their own for long. Indeed, it requires that if the Attorney General authorizes an emergency wiretap for any one of those three circumstances I mentioned, they must nonetheless go before a Federal judge within 48 hours and make a case that probable cause exists for this wiretap prior to the authorization of the wiretap, prior to the time the tap started. Prior to that time, they have to prove there is probable cause that the subject was committing a specific crime. The officials also must convince the judge that they could not have completed the necessary application prior to beginning the wiretap.  And, of course, if the judge concludes that either they could have completed the application in the necessary time or that there was no probable cause at the outset, then none of the evidence, no matter how incriminating, that is acquired as a consequence of the emergency tap can be used in court against the target. If the judge does not buy it, enforcement will have blown their case. Not only must the wiretap stop, but none of the evidence obtained by the tap can be used against the target.  This is a powerful check on the Government's power. You can bet that they are not just going to go around willy-nilly exercising--the top three officials of the Justice Department--emergency authority because, if they do, they will lose their evidence if they turn out to be wrong, which means they will lose their case, which means the bad guys go free and all the time investigating up to that point will have been wasted and blown. That is not what law enforcement wants.  I want to repeat. Why, if we give this authority, this very limited and proscribed emergency authority to the Government, to the prosecutors, to the Attorney General of the United States, to deal with organized crime, why does it not make sense to allow them to deal with Hamas or deal with a terrorist organization?  The last time I looked, the Mafia had not blown up a Federal building. The last time I looked, the Mafia had not blown up the World Trade tower. They are real bad guys, and I have spent the bulk of my career as a U.S. Senator on both the Intelligence Committee and the Judiciary Committee passing laws and working to nail the Mafia. But if an emergency wiretap is good enough for John Gotti, why is it not good enough for the Unabomber? If the emergency wiretap is good enough for John Gotti, why is it not good enough for some wacko who blows up or is about to blow up a Federal building in Wilmington, DE, or Washington, DC?  I want to repeat. To give this authority to the Government when it comes to organized crime, why not for terrorists?  Of course, wiretapping is a powerful and intrusive tool. That is why the current wiretap statute contains a number of restrictions to prevent the abuse of emergency wiretaps, none of which would be changed by this amendment.  Let me repeat. Only the top officials at Justice--the top three, those who have the most at stake in an investigation being blown by bad evidence--can authorize such a tap. Even then, they have to go to the court within 48 hours and must adhere to all the strict guidelines for getting a court order in the first instance. If they do not get the court order, none of the evidence is able to be used.  Let me emphasize. This amendment does not in any way weaken what the Government must show to get a wiretap order. Law enforcement still must show that some particular person has or is about to commit some particular crime. And this provision only applies to cases of international domestic terrorism, which is further defined as--let me define what this would apply to and only what it would apply to: activities that involve violent acts, or acts dangerous to human life, and which appear to be intended to intimidate or coerce the civilian population, or to influence the policy of the Government by intimidation or coercion, or to affect the conduct of a Government by assassination or kidnapping.  Why, if in fact they believe that any one of those circumstances exist, should they not, with all the safeguards built in, be able to get an emergency wiretap?  Let me say, although I have no illusions that this will pass, that I hope we will continue to demonstrate by the votes we have heretofore--over 45 and as many as 48 of our 100 colleagues felt strongly about these issues. These are not frivolous undertakings. These are not frivolous motions. All but one of the amendments I have offered, I believe, has gotten over 40 votes. I think they have all gotten over 45 votes, so we are pretty evenly divided on this. I just want to make sure that before final vote on this conference report, that I do everything in my power to make this a much more useful tool in fighting terrorism.  Again, I know my colleague--and I respect him--is going to say if this passes it will kill the bill. I cannot believe that this will kill the bill. If we cannot put 35, or whatever number that is the number quoted by the House, Members of the House in the position where they have to yield on what would be an incredibly strong bill only because they are worried that we now allow terrorists to be treated the same way as John Gotti and the mob, then I think--I doubt whether they will vote that way because I doubt whether many of their constituents will keep them around if they vote that way. And quite frankly, if they vote that way, it is best for all to see. If they vote that way and defeat the conference report, we could come back with an amended report and pass what we have. So this will not kill the bill, but I am sure that is going to be stated.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  