  Mr. President, the distinguished Senator, and former Attorney General of the State of Connecticut, is here. We are going to divide this up a little bit. I want to make in my opening statement here a clarification for anyone listening as to what we are doing here, because we are really not changing anything that is not already done in any significant way.  These multipoint wiretaps are made out to be this major new concoction that they have come up with to interfere in the lives of people. I was told in the House conference that some Members of the House thought that it meant that the FBI would be in vans roving down the street literally eavesdropping on people's homes. It is bizarre what people think this means.  Let me explain what has to happen now to get a multipoint wiretap. There are all sorts of provisions built into the law now for the Federal Government: One, the Government must convince a judge that there is probable cause to believe that a specific person is committing a specific crime, as with any other wiretap. Two, the application even to ask a Federal judge for one of these wiretaps is approved at the very top level of the Justice Department, either by the Attorney General herself, or the Deputy Attorney General, or the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division. No U.S. attorney in America can go out and ask a judge for one of these. No U.S. attorney can do that. No assistant U.S. attorney can do it without the approval of the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, or the head of the Criminal Division.  The application submitted must identify the person involved and believed to be committing the crime, and whose communications are to be the ones intercepted. A judge then has to find that the target's action--that is, the person who they are targeting. Say, we think our reporter here is in fact committing a crime. What you have to do is get the judge to believe that there is probable cause to believe a crime has been committed, that he is engaging in an activity. And, further, when they decide that you can wiretap not only his home phone, but the mobile phone he has in his pocket, the phone he has in his car, and the pay phone he uses all the time--the judge has to believe that the person is committing the crime--and communications are intercepted, it has to be proved that he is trying to effectively thwart the tap. For example, if my phone is tapped and there is probable cause that I committed a criminal offense, and I walk every day at 2 o'clock down to the pay phone on the corner, or I use a cell phone and then get rid of the new cell phone every day and get a new one, then that effectively thwarts the ability of the Federal Government investigators to tap someone where there is probable cause that they committed a crime. So thatjudge has to believe all that before he grants such an order.  In addition, any interception cannot begin until the officers have clearly determined that the target in question--that is, the person they believe committed the crime--is using a particular tapped phone. Once the target is off the phone, the interception must end. It does not say, by the way, that any phone that the target uses can be tapped. It says that we have reason to believe that he is using the following phone, one, two, or three. You can tap those phones.  Once the phone is tapped, if you go to your mother-in-law's house to use the phone, and after you get off, your mother-in-law is off the phone, they cannot, under the law, tap your mother-in-law. They must end the surveillance. It must stop. It must stop.  In addition, the moment the target leaves the phone, the tap on that phone has to be disengaged. It cannot be used. Any evidence cannot be used that would come from such a tap, if it stayed on. So this is nothing new. What is new is that, under the present law, this is used for the mob and other outfits. Under the present law, you have to show that the person is intending to thwart the surveillance--intending to. So essentially what you have to get is a mobster or terrorist saying, ``I cannot use this phone in my house anymore because I think it is tapped. I am going to be going other places to use other phones. I will get to you later.'' That is what you basically have to prove now.  What we are saying in this law is--and 77 Senators voted for it last year--if the effect of the target is to thwart the surveillance, that is all you need to prove. The effect is to thwart the surveillance. You do not have to prove that he intended to thwart the surveillance; you have to prove the effect is to thwart surveillance.  So, again, a minor change already exists with multipoint wiretaps, is already in place. I will quote Mr. McCollum, the Republican leader of the Criminal Subcommittee. When I offered this in conference, he said:       I think the reality is quite simple here--  This is McCollum speaking to me.       You are 100 percent right.  I am 100 percent right.       It is the single-most important issue we are not putting in      this bill. We have got to find some way to do it. But we are      not going to get the votes for this bill, and we could not      get the votes for this freestanding bill, I don't think,      right this minute in the House.  Get the first part: ``It is the single-most important issue we are not putting in the bill.'' Mr. McCollum is right.  I yield the remainder of my time to the distinguished Senator from Connecticut.  