 President, just for the sake of discussion, if there were 10 very important provisions in this bill when we passed it out of the Senate, it has come back to us with 4--I am not being literal--with fewer than we sent over. Fewer than 50 percent of the provisions that I think are important in this bill remain in the bill.  In truth, when the Senator and I got to conference, there were probably only 10 percent of the provisions we thought important in the bill. To the credit of the Senator from Utah, he was able to get back additional provisions in the bill. For that I compliment him.  What I have been fighting about all afternoon here is trying to add back provisions that I think were mindlessly removed and removed tools that we could make available to law enforcement to protect my children and me and all of us in this Chamber and around this country.  This is the one portion of the conference report that I am seeking to delete that has made the bill worse than when it went out of here. Up to now I have been arguing that we sent a bill out of here with a lot of good things that the House stripped out and I wanted to put them back in. Not only did the House take out the bulk of the really good things that were invaluable to fight terrorism, but it added some things which I think are counterproductive. One of them is pandering to this concern of some Americans that the bad guys are the cops, the bad guys are the Government, the bad guys are the FBI or the ATF or the Justice Department.  I do not believe we should go forward with an antiterrorism bill that has a study in it only of police and not terrorists. For that reason, I propose to delete the study of the police in this bill. I think it is more of an affront than it is a substantive problem. If we do not delete this, we will be faced with a conference report that studies cops but not terrorists.  Let us remember who has literally laid down their lives in the defense of our Nation and our way of life. It is the Federal law enforcement officers, not the terrorists. This study will provide nothing but a forum for those who believe the Federal law enforcement is the enemy of the American people and not the protectors. We are unwittingly aiding and abetting that notion by deciding that, in a terrorism bill, we are going to study the cops.  The study says, section 806, Commission on the Advancement of Federal Law Enforcement.       (a) Establishment.--There is established a commission to be      known as the ``Commission on the Advancement of Federal      Law Enforcement'' (hereinafter in this section referred to      as the ``Commission'').       (b) Duties.--The Commission shall review, ascertain,      evaluate, report, and recommend action to the Congress on the      following matters:       (1) The Federal law enforcement priorities for the 21st      century, including Federal law enforcement capability to      investigate and deter adequately the threat of terrorism      facing the United States.       (2) In general, the manner in which significant Federal      criminal law enforcement operations are conceived, planned,      coordinated, and executed.       (3) The standards and procedures used by Federal law      enforcement to carry out significant Federal criminal law      enforcement . . .       (4) The investigation and handling of specific law      enforcement cases . . .       (5) The necessity for the present number of Federal law      enforcement agencies and units.  Get that? We are going to study the necessity, the necessity of the present number of law enforcement agents and agencies. What is the implication of that? The implication of that is there are some bad law enforcement agencies out there. I assume this is the right's attempt to go after the Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms. I do not know. That is who we are studying. We are going to study the cops, not the terrorists.  We have to study the location and efficacy of the office or entire entity responsible, aside from the President, for the coordination of interagency bases of operation, programs and activities of all Federal law enforcement agencies.  It goes on, by the way, for another half a dozen sections.  Think about this. Many of us were local officials before we came here. How many times did a very small segment of our community come to tell us that we had to set up commissions and we had to set up outside organizations, we had to set up police review boards, and so on, because they did not like the cops? Sometimes it was necessary. But remember how good cops responded to this.  I spoke with Director Louis Freeh today. He called me--the Director of the FBI. Of every single thing in thebill, this is the thing that most concerns him because of what it says to the American people about what we in the Congress think about our law enforcement agencies, the very people who probably have captured the Unabomber; the very people who have gotten hold of, apparently, the man or men who blew up the World Trade Center, as well as the Federal building in Oklahoma City; the very people who, just a couple of weeks ago, outside of my State in neighboring Pennsylvania, were shot down dead, protecting people in Philadelphia--FBI agents, the very people who, increasingly, are losing their lives fighting crime and terrorism.  These are the people who we are going to investigate. There is not even a parallel study in here to investigate malicious, to investigate organizations that, in fact, raise questions, to investigate--separate issue--terrorist, per se, organizations. We are going to investigate the cops.  I can remember the years during the Reagan era. We talked about how demoralized the military felt and, to Reagan's great credit, in my view, one of the things I agreed with him on is he built up the morale of the military, after years of being beaten about the head after Vietnam.  These guys need our support, Mr. President. These women need our support. They do not need us yielding to the NRA and others insisting on a study--a study of them in a terrorism bill.  That is the study we are going to make. We are fighting terrorism, and every law Federal law enforcement officer in the Nation, guarantee you, knows that we spend an entire page of this bill--that is not true, half a page of this bill--laying out extensively what we are going to study, the people we are going to appoint to study this and, listen to this:       (1) Number and appointment.--The Commission shall be      composed of 5 members appointed--  By whom?  One member appointed by the President pro tempore in the Senate; one by the minority leader of the Senate; one by the Speaker of the House; one appointed by the minority leader of the House; one member who shall chair the Commission will be appointed by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.       (2) Disqualification.--A person who is an officer or      employee of the United States shall not be appointed a member      of the Commission.  How is that? Why cannot someone who is an officer of the U.S. Government--what a field day these wacko Freemen out in Montana are going to have when we pass this. I promise you, they are going to hold this up--some of them, may not be those guys--but other wackos and say, ``See, we're right, the U.S. Congress thinks we have to study these people, and they don't even trust them enough to allow any Federal Government employee in any capacity to be on the commission.''  I think this is humiliating, absolutely humiliating. Disqualifications: you are disqualified if you are an officer or an employee of the United States of America. That means any military person could not be on the commission; it means the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff could not be put on the commission.  This is disturbing, and if you doubt what I am saying after this is over or before we vote, pick up the phone, call Louis Freeh, call any of the police officers you know and respect, call the people we count on to protect our lives that we are studying them.  I see my friend from Utah is on his feet, and my friend from Wisconsin who wishes to speak in favor of this motion is here. I will be happy to yield to either one of them. How much time remains under my control, Mr. President?  