 President, I rise to condemn in the strongest possible terms this past Sunday's heinous bombings in Israel. I also wish to convey my heart-felt condolences to the families of the 23 Israelis and the 2 young Americans who lost their lives in these despicable acts.  Mr. President, many of us are asking the same questions that Israelis are asking in the wake of these attacks: why and for what end would someone commit such senseless acts of mass murder? We probably never will be able to penetrate the demented mind of a suicide-bomber to understand what causes that person to kill. But I think we all know the immediate aim of the bombers who struck on Sunday--it is to spread fear and terror in order to derail the peace process.  As hard as it is to comprehend, peace in the Middle East is actually perceived as a threat in some quarters. Coexistence, friendship, cooperation--all of these concepts are anathema to a small, extremist minority on both sides.  And Mr. President, I would submit that the vast majority of Palestinians--which does believe in these concepts--needs to stand up now to prevent its future from being stolen by the extremists. These extremists offer a version of the future that includes a return to the darkest days of the Arab-Israeli conflict. Indeed, they see renewed conflict as a necessary means to achieve their ultimate goal of destroying Israel.  Mr. President, if the Palestinians want a brighter future for their children--as I know they do--then they will need to stop these extremists in their tracks.  We stand ready, and I know that Israel stands ready, to provide whatever help the Palestinians need to win this fight. But they must be the ones to initiate a new all-out battle with the violent rejectionists.  Israelis have rejected the message and methods of extremists in their midst. Their democratically chosen institutions have been acting to thwart the designs of Israeli extremists.  Recently, the Palestinians have acquired their own democratically chosen institutions. It is time for those new institutions to be put to the test by employing their full might in a battle whose outcome will be historic for the Palestinian people and the middle east as a whole.  Mr. President, we cannot let Sunday's attackers achieve their goals. The peace process must continue. The two young American victims, Matthew Eisenfeld and Sarah Duker, whose future life together was so cruelly taken from them on Sunday, were committed to peace. We can best honor their memory by staying on the path that they had chosen.  