 President, I appreciate the indulgence of my colleagues today in voting on these motions to recommit and the strong support of 40 to 48 Senators we have gotten on each of these votes. I appreciate that.  In the 6 minutes that I have to close, let me just suggest two things. There is a good deal of change that has been made in the habeas corpus provisions of the law, which, in my view--a broken record--will do nothing to prevent terrorism. The habeas provision in this bill deals primarily with State crimes, and the terrorism crimes we are concerned about--Oklahoma City, the World Trade Center bombing, et cetera--are Federal crimes. It will not affect it at all.  But there is a provision in the bill that I would like to say something about. There's a section that says:       An application for writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a      person in custody, pursuant to the judgment of a State court,      shall be granted with respect to any claim that was      adjudicated on the merits in State court proceedings, unless      the adjudication of the claim, one, resulted in a decision      that was contrary to or involved in unreasonable application      of a clearly established Federal law as determined by the      Supreme Court, or resulted in a decision that was based on an      unreasonable determination of the facts in light of the      evidence presented.  I would like to make this brief observation.  As things now stand, Federal courts take State court decisions very seriously. They are not writing on a blank page and ignoring State court decisions right and left. In fact, court watchers who pay close attention to the cases tell me that Federal courts grant relief only when it is pretty clear that someone's constitutional rights have been violated. So it seems to me that even under this provision of the law we are now changing, which I think is inadvisable to change, but even under this provision, if Federal courts think that State courts are right on the Constitution, they will uphold it. And if they are wrong, they will not.  So if a State court makes an unconstitutional determination, the Federal courts will, and should, continue to say so. Therefore, I think this is much less onerous--unnecessary but much less onerous--than, in fact, it may appear on its face.  If a Federal court concludes the State court violated the Federal Constitution, that, to me, is by definition--by definition--an unreasonable application of the Federal law, and, therefore, Federal habeas corpus would be able to be granted.  I reserve the remainder of my time.  