 This issue was called to my attention by someone reading Good Housekeeping who asked me why everybody was writing to Bradley. I contacted Senator Bradley and wanted to know more about what he was talking about because I was hearing about this and found it hard to believe. You hear so many rumors today, so many people are upset about HMO's--much of it legitimate, some of it not legitimate--that you hear these horror stories.  Quite frankly, when I first heard this back in my home State, I really did not believe that some HMO's and insurance companies were actually doing this. I did not think it was a joke, but I thought it was a clear misunderstanding on the part of the people who were saying this was happening--24 hours and you are out.  This is, quite frankly, very scary. The potential danger is real. Think back, those of you women and men on this floor when you were young parents, to the first child you had and think back to when you brought that child home. I know this is a distant memory for some of us, myself included, but remember how it was. You brought that baby home, and when your wife turned and handed the baby to you, your first concern was maybe, ``Is it going to break?'' Or, ``I don't know what I am going to do here, I'm not sure.'' Then your wife, no matter how instinctively good a mother she is, used to go, in the first couple days the baby was home, and literally lean over the crib to make sure the baby was breathing. How many of you actually leaned over the crib and stuck your ear down to see if you could literally hear the baby breathing? The reason I point that out is the baby was healthy. Your children were, 99 percent of the time, healthy and nothing was wrong. But the point is, you didn't know. There are so many young mothers. The tragedy is that there are teenagers giving birth to children. The tragedy is that there are thousands of unwed mothers out there. What do they do when they go home--you may say that maybe they shouldn't be in that position, but they are--without anybody even having an opportunity to instruct them on how to deal with the baby, what to look for? These are very basic little things, just basic things.  So I contacted the Delaware Medical Association and other doctors in Delaware. I wanted to know what their view on this was before I cosponsored Senator Bradley's bill. I was pleasantly surprised when the leading pediatricians and ob/gyn's showed up at a meeting I held and they unanimously supported the Bradley proposal. It was unanimous. Usually, you get some kind of heat when the Government is going to indicate that something must be done or when the Government is going to dictate something. In this case, it would dictate that an insurance company can't throw you out in 48 hours or 24 hours if the doctor says no. But here you had all these doctors, who are no fans of Government intervention, every one of them saying this is important. I will not take the time now to recount what they said because we want to move along. But, they gave me specific story after story, incident after incident, in just that one long breakfast meeting, of specific cases they had personally handled. This was 21 or 22 pediatricians and obstetricians. It amazed me. The intensity of their political views and the variation of their views was wide.  So the only real mystery to me is, why in the devil is it taking us so long to pass this? That is the real mystery. The mystery to me is no longer if it is needed; the mystery is no longer that enough Members of Congress want it; the mystery to me is, who is stopping it? Why? Who is stopping this? Why isn't it done already?  Now, you know the fact of the matter is that this is not the usual vehicle to pass this. I understand my friend from New Jersey concluded that he is getting all kinds of promises that we can bring this up and will have a chance to vote on it. I have not had a chance to speak to him about this point, but I assume the reason he is attaching it here is that his patience is running a little thin. He wants to make sure that before we go out of session we get a chance to act on something that clearly a majority of people want. So the biggest mystery to me is not why it is needed, not why it is important, not why do doctors support it, not why do mothers support it, but why hasn't it been done?  Now, I know that speed was not what my colleague was known for on the court--I am only joking, Senator. I want to make it clear that he could go to his left and right and he could do everything on the court. He is a Hall of Famer. But the fact of the matter is, the reason it is not being done is not for the lack of my friend's pushing it. Although I imagine we are going to hear that this is not the vehicle--the HUD appropriations bill--to put this on, we are running out of runway and running out of time. A lot of women and a lot of children are at risk. Some would say, oh, what difference does it make to wait another month? In another month we are out of here, which means waiting until next year, and waiting until next year means the end of the next year. So the health and safety of hundreds of thousands of women and children are at risk here. It is a really basic proposition.  Let me conclude by reiterating one point. A lot of my colleagues and individuals have asked me about this. And because they have not focused on it, I suspect, they did not understand one of the first points the Senator made when he took the floor, and that is, why don't they do it at the State level? Why not get this done at the State level? The Senator explained ERISA. The bottom line of this is that, in Delaware, only about 15 percent of the people with health insurance would be affected by a State law that my State is passing. My State is passing a law saying leave it to the doctor to decide. Notwithstanding that, those State legislators have come to me and said, we need a national law, because even with the State acting, and acting promptly, only 15 percent--15 percent--of the people with health insurance would be positively affected by the State law. To put it another way, the other 85 percent are out. They are out, without Federal legislation.  I see Congressman Solomon on the floor. I thank him for his leadership. I thank Senator Bradley on this side for calling my attention to this and making me realize that this was not some exaggerated criticism of HMO's--which I honestly thought was the case when I first heard it in my State, that this was one of these horror stories that had been blown out of proportion. It is real, it is genuine, and the bottom line is that this will make a difference in the lives of mothers and their children. We should not wait any longer.  I thank the Chair.  