 President, I rise in strong opposition to the amendment by the Senator from Arizona. Cutting funding for Amtrak back to the inadequate level set by the House would be a big mistake and very bad public policy, in my view. It would be a formula for failure for the only intercity passenger rail service we have in America. The amendment would frustrate Amtrak's ongoing attempts to become self-sufficient. Instead of saving any money, it would waste funds already provided for passenger rail by virtually guaranteeing the demise of Amtrak.  It is a formula for failure, Mr. President, because it prevents Amtrak from completing the comprehensive reforms it needs to eventually become self-sufficient in its day-to-day operations.  I know my friends have heard me over the last 20 years make this same point. But no passenger rail service in the world--and passenger rail plays an important role all over the world--no passenger rail service in the world is, in fact, operated without public support for its capital needs. Whether it is in Europe or Japan, the most advanced industrialized economies in the world, not one passenger rail system in the world operates without support for its capital needs. It is these capital investments, the improvements to the Northeast corridor to carry high-speed trains and funds to purchase new locomotives and passenger cars for the western part of the United States as well as the Northeast corridor, that the McCain amendment hits the hardest.  Without upgrades to the bridges, without straightening out the curves, without completion of the electrification of the rail connections between Washington and Boston, Amtrak would be unable to attract the additional passengers it needs to earn more operating income.  Mr. President, we have put Amtrak on a very strict diet. We have cut service. We have cut subsidies. We have gotten a commitment that they will be self-sufficient by the year 2001. Amtrak on the east coast works on an electrification system, overhead electrical wires, and we have spent millions of dollars to upgrade the system from New York to Boston to allow high-speed Metroliner runs from Boston all the way to Washington. We have had to upgrade the bridges. We are well beyond New Haven and working our way up. This amendment would stop that project cold, absolutely cold.  The Senate is on record in support of providing a half cent from the Federal gasoline tax to provide for Amtrak'scapital budget. This is a step that I believe has to be taken as soon as possible. But until then, Amtrak will continue to require adequate funding through the appropriations process. I have been working here along with my colleague, Senator Roth, and others for years and years to get a dedicated source of funding for Amtrak. We are on the verge of doing that. Once that is done, one-half cent would provide $600 million a year in capital costs.  That dedicated capital fund would be able to underwrite the capital cost of the entire Amtrak system coast to coast. But, in the meantime, absent that funding source, to eliminate the Northeast corridor improvements and decimate the remainder of their capital budget nationwide would literally be the end of the railroad. It becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. We say we want this outfit to be self-sufficient, and the very things needed to make it self-sufficient are the things we are going to deny it before we get to that point.  My friend from Arizona said, I am told, that the average Amtrak passenger makes $40,000 a year and does not need a subsidy, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. I would like to put this thing in focus. My Western colleagues come to us in the East, and they say, ``An integral part of our economy is water.'' They point out to us, time and again, that we need to vote to subsidize their farmers, to subsidize their cities, to subsidize their drinking water. And we do. We spend tens of billions of dollars a year--tens of billions of dollars a year.  I will never forget the first time, as a young man, I flew from the east coast to the west coast. I will never forget flying over the foothills of the Rocky Mountains and then on the other side, seeing all these concentric circles on the ground. I wondered what they were, these concentric circles. I had been in an airplane before, but I had never flown coast to coast.  All of a sudden, I realized that is my mother's tax dollars, on Social Security. That is my tax dollars. It is my dad's tax dollars, on Social Security. Subsidizing what? Subsidizing western farm areas, subsidizing Senator McCain's in-laws and himself and others' drinking water. That is OK with me. We are one nation. The purpose of one nation is for each part of the country to work together. The whole is greater than the sum of the parts. All the parts of the Nation need different things. I do not hear Senator McCain or other Western Senators coming here and saying: You know, let us do away with subsidizing those farmers. Let us do away with subsidizing the water John Doe drinks in Phoenix, AZ. And I am not here doing that.  But rail passenger service is critical to my section of the country and to the west coast. It is critical. If we eliminate Amtrak, how many more lanes of interstate highway are we going to be able to put in? What is it going to do to the environment? What is it going to do to the air? All Amtrak wants is a shot, a chance, a shot to make themselves self-sufficient.  I will not be on the floor trying to restore Amtrak money for operating costs if we get the half-cent gas tax, a measly half cent. But the fact of the matter is, the House Transportation Committee and Congressman Wolf cut this significantly, the same amount that my friend and colleague from Arizona wants to cut it. Senator Hatfield and Senator Lautenberg and their colleagues in the Appropriations Committee have repaired the damage done by the House bill. And, as the chairman of the House Transportation Committee, Congressman Wolf, admitted, the House levels were wholly inadequate and were intended to force the adoption of the half-cent proposal.  I am not sure what I think of that strategy, but I certainly agree that Amtrak funding levels in the House bill, the levels called for in Senator McCain's amendment, would be totally inadequate. The McCain amendment is a proposal to kill Amtrak; let there be no mistake about that. As a small State in the Northeast corridor, Delaware would be hard hit by the loss of a major part of its transportation system. As a major center for the repair and maintenance of railroads for more than a century, Delaware also faces the loss of important jobs under the severe cuts in the Northeast corridor and the capital budget of Amtrak. But as Senator Lautenberg forcefully argued, Amtrak plays a key role in the whole country's transportation system. As Senator Hatfield, the distinguished departing chair of the Appropriations Committee, well knows, the west coast is a major beneficiary of passenger rail as well.  I acknowledge that, because of all the cuts we made in Amtrak over the past, not every State or region benefits equally from Amtrak. I acknowledge that. But I do not benefit from the water subsidies either. Delaware farmers do not benefit like the farmers from Arizona. My mother does not benefit, like the Senator's family does. I understand that. That is America.  Senator McCain comes from a desert. I come from a place where there is a lot of water. I come from a place where we are overgrown with highways, where we have trouble breathing the air. Passenger rail is needed to relieve traffic congestion and air pollution. It is needed badly.  I will leave Senator McCain's water alone if he leaves my railroad alone.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to proceed for 1 more minute.  