  Madam President, this is the amendment to which the Senator from Minnesota spoke relating to the tax deductibility for up to $10,000 for higher education payments. A number of us have introduced separate--and some together--bills and sense-of-the-Senate resolutions to accomplish just that.  The President I believe in his State of the Union called for such treatment. I would just like to reiterate what my friend from Minnesota said.  First of all, this is only a resolution. I wish it were an up-or-down vote on a legislative initiative to change the tax law to allow parents and/or students to deduct up to $10,000 of the costs of a college education. That is the cost which most people are focusing in on. But, it is not just 4-year colleges. It can be a 2-year college. It can be a postgraduate undertaking.  I hear my friends--and I know that the Presiding Officer is younger than I am but we are not that very far off, the four of us on the floor here--I hear people of our generation say how they worked their way through college. I worked my way through college. I was able to get some financial help and some scholarship money as well as help from my parents. But I worked my way through college. But do you know what? The minimum wage was $1.25 cents, and the total cost to attend our State university, the University of Delaware, was $325 a semester for tuition. You could work your way through college if you were willing to work.  It always fascinates me when I hear people my age--I am now 53--talk about, ``Why don't they do what we did--work our way through school?'' because now the minimum wage is under $4.50 an hour. And to go to that same great university, my alma mater, is going to cost them about $6,000 if they are an in-State student. If you are unfortunate enough to have children like many of us do here who decide--and are able--to go to an institution other than the State institution which I attended, you will find that their tuition and room and board is $25,000 a year, if they go to Georgetown University, which one of my sons attended, or to Yale where another son is. That is $25,000 a year. We do not all go there. Most of us, as in my case, could not get there.  I am very proud of my State university, and proud of having gone there. But the truth of the matter is when my dad and mom were helping me get there, and I was working my way through, the median family required only something on the order of less than 3 to 4 percent of its income to send someone to college. Now we are talking about almost 9 to 10 percent. If they are going to go to a private institution, it can be well over 50 percent.  So you cannot work your way through college any more in 4 years on a minimum-wage job. You cannot do it.  So an awful lot of students, including even many of our children--and we are in relative terms more affluent than the average American--have loans. My colleague, the former professor, knows more about this than I do. I heard him quote the statistic that we have flipped. It used to be that most of the money people got to go to college were grants, and a minority were loans. Now they are almost all loans and a minority are grants.  I realize, even if this resolution passes, it is not going to change the law. But maybe it will put us on record of doing something that is long overdue, just as we give businesses a tax break for investing in new machinery and new plant and equipment because it generates economic growth--I ask unanimous consent to proceed for 2 more minutes.  