 President, I rise this morning to speak not to an issue but to speak to a man--about a man.  Mr. President, I rise this morning on the floor of the Senate to perform a task that I am anxious to perform but, at the same time, reluctant to perform.  I have been in the Senate now for 24 years. I have had the opportunity in those 24 years to serve with some very famous, significant political figures in modern American history. When I arrived here in 1972, Richard Nixon was President. The Senate was markedly different in terms of its makeup and membership, so much so that I now find myself--I was No. 100 in seniority--I now find myself somewhere in the low teens in seniority, and finding only a half a dozen or so Democrats who have been here longer than I have.  The reason I bother to mention that is I have had an opportunity to meet and work with and become friends with some truly great and famous Members of the U.S. Senate. The loss--in some cases by death, such as in the case of Hubert Humphrey and Dewey Bartlett and others; in some cases as a consequence of having lost an election, in the case of people like Frank Church and other great leaders such as Jacob Javits; the loss in some cases on the part of a Senator deciding he did not wish to run again, like Senator Mansfield and others--has impacted on the Senate and has impacted on the country.  I know my Grandfather Finnegan--God rest his soul--was right when he always used to say, ``Joey, don't forget Paddy's a 9-day wonder. When you're gone, you're gone.'' In one sense that is true. In another sense it is not true because every once in a while someone passes this way. Every once in a while someone assumes a position in the U.S. Senate, or takes the place on the floor of this august body, who changes not only the nature of our laws and the attitude of our country about major issues but who impact upon how this institution functions.  In my mind, and I believe I reflect the view of the American public in this case, one of the things that is most troubling in our discourse is a growing lack of civility, not only in our public discourse but in our private discourse.  You need only go down this long aisle to the next, patterned after the Parliament in Great Britain. Look out this door. Many people who watch us on C-SPAN don't realize that you walk through the door of this institution, this floor, and look out that door, and you look straight all the way through, you will see a similar set of doors at the other end that lead into another Chamber called the House of Representatives. For years and years, we have avoided the kind of invective that seems to have infected the debate on that end of the Capitol. And one of the reasons we have avoided it is because there have been men and women on the floor of this Senate who will not tolerate that kind of discourse and constantly remind us of our moral conscience: that we, as the greatest institution--not as individuals, but as an institution--should not stoop to the level of engaging in uncivil conduct.  If the Presiding Officer, the former Governor of Missouri, will excuse my personal reference, it is like using profanity. You know that one may engage in using profanity in the locker room with a bunch of guys when you are in high school, but you would never do that in front of your mother. You would never do that in front of your grandmother. You would never do that in front of the people you most respected, even if you slipped and did it in front of the guys.  Well, the presence of Claiborne Pell on the floor of the U.S. Senate--just, literally, his physical presence on the floor--inhibits Members from yielding to the temptation of engaging in uncivil conduct, in conduct that, quite frankly, we should all realize is beneath us and demeans the public debate and demeans this institution. And I can say, without reservation, that in the 24 years I have served here there is not a single, solitary person whose mere physical presence in a committee, in a caucus room, on the floor of the U.S. Senate--just his presence inhibits negative behavior on the part of all of us. He is a man of such character, such gentility, such class, and such persuasion by his actions. I mean it. Think about it. I say to my colleagues who may be listening to this in their offices: Name for me a single solitary person with whom we have ever served who has that kind of impact--he walks into a room, and his mere presence exposes demeaning conduct that any of us, including myself, may be engaging in in the course of political discourse.  He likes to point out--and he never lectures, but he likes to point out--that he has never negatively referred to any one of his opponents.  I remember one of the highest compliments I ever received. We were at a candidate forum. The chairman and I, Senator Pell, a Democratic candidate, were getting ready for the last election. And one of the leading political advertisers for Democrats was up there showing us the latest ad, all the Members of the Senate who were running in the 1990 race, when Senator Pell and I ran together the last time. He was saying, ``This is what works, and this is what the Republicans are doing, and this is what we should do.'' This particular guy has great wit and was actually the guy doing my advertising, and may have been the one doing Senator Pell's as well. I can't recall. His name is Bob Squire, one of the leading political advertisers in the country, and a fine man. Actually he was doing the President's campaign, if I am not mistaken. Bob Squire with his dry wit looked down at all of us, and said, ``There are only two men in America that do not get it''--that you must respond to negative ads and you must be negative.  And I do not know whether it is true, if it was only two. It does not matter for purposes of what I am going to say. He literally said, ``Claiborne Pell and Joe Biden.'' Just for me to be mentioned in the same sentence with Claiborne Pell--just to be mentioned in the same sentence--was one of the highest compliments I have received since I have been in the Senate.  I am not in Claiborne Pell's class. Few are. If you will forgive me, as we say, a point of personal privilege here, when I first came to the Senate, I say to the Presiding Officer, I came under circumstances that were not the most ideal. I was not anxious to come. There had been an accident involving my family, and I lost my wife and daughter.  Almost everybody, when I came, embraced me, Democrat and Republican, and they were very generous with their time and their concern. But I remember four people, only one of whom I will name today: Claiborne Pell. Claiborne Pell came to me, and in his inimitable way. He did not do what Hubert Humphrey did. Hubert Humphrey literally came over to my office and sat on my couch and cried with me, I mean literally cried with me. Claiborne Pell did not do that.  I give you my word that there was not a week that went by without him at least twice a week personally coming to me and inquiring of me how I was doing, inviting me to his home, inviting me to stay with him in his home, offering me a room in his lovely home in Georgetown because he knew I commuted and my boys were still in the hospital. And that did not stop when my boys became healthy. That has continued for 24 years. And his wife, Nuala, is equally as wonderful.  In addition to that, Claiborne Pell did something few were able to do for me at the time, and again continuing on this point of personal privilege. He invited me to dinner parties, private parties, private dinners at his home, knowing that it was important for me, in retrospect, just to get out, just to be somewhere with someone. He never did it in a way that made me feel beholden. He never did it in a way as if he were doing me a favor. He never did it in a way other than the way he does everything: in a purely genuine, straightforward, embracing way.  Mr. President, that has characterized everything about Claiborne Pell.  Let me conclude by saying that everything about Claiborne Pell's public life has in fact emulated his private life. There are not many people who can say there is simply no distinction between their private conduct and their public conduct. Claiborne Pell would not say that, but he can say that, and I can say that for him.  The last point I wish to make, and I will elaborate on this later when we finish this treaty or at another time before we leave, is this man is a man who is, to use a trite-sounding phrase, a quiet visionary. This is a fellow who wrote about the transportation system in the Northeast and predicted what would be needed and used a word Ilearned as an undergraduate that no one had ever heard of--``megalopolis''--and he talked about Richmond to Boston and what would have to be done to accommodate the needs of this area of the country. He is the guy who came up with the notion of ACDA. He has been the single most consistent, persistent spearheader of the notion of bringing about the diminution of the number of nuclear weapons that exist in this world. He is the man who has been devoted to the notions and concepts embodied in the United Nations. He is a man who has been the leader in education and learning, a man who comes from considerable standing in terms of his own personal wealth and education but has bent down to make sure that people of competence, regardless of their economic status, would be able to achieve the same intellectual competence, capability, and background as he has achieved.  This is a wonderful man, I say to my friends. You all know it. But not many have passed this way who have his personal characteristics and capabilities, and I doubt whether very many will come this way again. I will truly miss his presence in the Senate.  I yield the floor and thank my colleagues.  