 President, the story of our failure to foresee--and prevent--the crack cocaine epidemic is one of the most significant public policy mistakes in modern history. Although warning signs of an outbreak flared over several years, few took action until it was too late.  We now face similar warning signs with another drug--methamphetamine. Without swift action now, history may repeat itself.  So today, Senator Hatch and I, along with Senators Feinstein, Specter, Harkin, Wyden, D'Amato, and DeWine are introducing legislation to address this new emerging drug epidemic before it is too late.  Within the past few years the production and use of methamphetamine have risen dramatically. Newspaper and media reports over the past few months have highlighted these increases. I have been tracking this development and pushing legislation to increase Federal penalties and strengthen Federal laws against methamphetamine production, trafficking, and use since 1990.  And what I and others have found is alarming: From 1991 to 1994 methamphetamine-related emergency room episodes increased 256 percent--the increase from 1993 to 1994 alone was 75 percent--with more than 17,000 people overdosing and being brought to the emergency room because of methamphetamine. A survey of high school seniors, which only measures the use of ``ice''--a fraction of the methamphetamine market--found that in 1995 86,000 12th graders had used ``ice'' in the past year, 39,000 had used it in the past month, and 3,600 reported using ``ice'' daily. This same survey found that only 54 percent of high school seniors perceived great risk in trying ``ice''--down from 62 percent in 1990. And 27 percent of these children said it would be easy for them to get ``ice'' if they wanted it.  The cause for concern over a methamphetamine epidemic is further fueled by drug-related violence--again something we saw during the crack era--that we can expect to flourish with methamphetamine as well. Putting the problem in perspective, drug experts claim that ``ice surpasses PCP in inducing violent behavior.''  In addition to the violence--both random and irrational--associated with methamphetamine users, there is also the enormous problem of violence among methamphetamine traffickers and the environmental and life-threatening conditions endemic in the clandestine labs where methamphetamine is produced.  The bill we are now introducing addresses all of the dangers of methamphetamine and takes bold actions to stop this potential epidemic in its tracks. The Hatch-Biden methamphetamine enforcement bill will take six major steps toward cracking down on methamphetamine production, trafficking, and use, particularly use by the most vulnerable population threatened by this drug--our young people.  First and foremost, we increase penalties for possessing and trafficking in methamphetamine.  Second, we crack down on methamphetamine producers and traffickers by increasing the penalties for the illicit possession and trafficking of the precursor chemicals and equipment used to manufacture methamphetamine.  Third, we increase the reporting requirements and restrictions on the legitimate sales of products containing these precursor chemicals in order to prevent their diversion, and we impose even greater requirements on all firms which sell these products by mail. This includes the use of civil penalties and injunctions to stop legitimate firms from recklessly providing precursor chemicals to methamphetamine manufacturers.  Fourth, we address the international nature of methamphetamine manufacture and trafficking by coordinating international enforcement efforts and strengthening provisions against the illegal importation of methamphetamine and precursor chemicals.  Fifth, we ensure that methamphetamine manufacturers who endanger the life on any individual or endanger the environment while making methamphetamine will receive enhanced prison sentences.  Finally, we require Federal, State and local law enforcement and public health officials to stay ahead of any potential growth in the methamphetamine epidemic by creating national working groups on the protecting the public from the dangers of methamphetamine production, trafficking, and abuse.  The Hatch-Biden bill addresses all of the needs with a fair balance between the needs of manufacturers and consumers of legitimate products which contain methamphetamine precursor chemicals and the need to protect the public by instituting harsh penalties for any and all methamphetamine-related activities.  This legislation is the crucial, comprehensive tool we need to stay ahead of the methamphetamine epidemic and to avoid the mistakes made during the early stages of the crack-cocaine explosion.  I want to thank Senator Hatch and my other colleagues who share my desire to move now on the problem of methamphetamine. I also want to thank the Clinton administration, which also was determined to act now on this issue and worked with us in developing several of the provisions in this bill.  I urge all my colleagues to join us in protecting our children and our society from the devastations of methamphetamine by supporting this vital legislation.  