 President, more than a decade ago, when budget deficits were first becoming a way of life around here, I proposed a constitutional amendment to require a balanced budget. Since then I have voted for several other versions of a balanced budget amendment, including the one before us today.  This is not a commitment I have undertaken lightly. This is the ultimate step we can take to safeguard future generations from irresponsible budget policies. On those grounds, I believe that making deficit finance a more difficult decision is an appropriate issue for consideration as part of our country's fundamental law.  But the practical reasons for this amendment are also compelling. The threat to the future of our country, and the damage that accumulating deficits are doing right now, are sufficiently serious to warrant this ultimate step.  The effects of mounting debt and deficits on the future of our country will be profound. Right now, the Federal debt held by the public--the accumulation of our annual deficits--totals more than $3.6 trillion. This year the interest we will pay on our accumulated borrowing will be $240 billion.  By the year 2002, the target year for balancing the budget under the amendment before us, interest alone will total $311 billion, and will cost us more than we will spend on the total defense budget, more than we will spend on every domestic function of government, from fighting crime to building roads.  Accumulating debt at this pace is simply unsustainable--it will radically reduce the choices that future Congresses, representing future generations of Americans, can make. By continuing to accumulate debt, we are forging chains that will bind those who follow us. We are buying a little extra time to avoid those hard choices by dumping them into the future.  At the same time, because concern for the deficit is driving so much of our thinking right now, we are short-changing the kinds of programs that may provide long-term payoffs, that could make us all better off in the future, but that are increasingly squeezed out of the budget.  Just look what is happening to our investments in education, in research, in cleaner air and water, in safer working conditions. These represent our legacy to the future; they will determine--for better or for worse--the kind of country we pass along to our children and grandchildren.  But in the current budget climate, we are slighting these priorities in the race to find short-term savings.  Mr. President, I have watched for years as accumulating deficits have changed the face of our budget process. I have watched the policies that provide essential support for those who need it the most. They include my parents' generation, who won a war for us, and built the greatest economy in theworld. We have made moral commitments to them, commitments I came to Washington to keep.  And our children--the future of our country--will be shortchanged by budget policies that cut investments in education, research, health care.  Mr. President, there is much merit in the argument that we should return more authority and responsibility to State and local governments, that we should return the power to make decisions and the resources to carry them out to the neighborhoods and communities that know their problems best.  But we cannot lose sight of the reasons that led our Founding Fathers to establish a national government--the kinds of issues that cut across city and county lines, that cut across State and regional boundaries, issues that affect us all as Americans.  Unfortunately, it is also those priorities that are now under attack in our deficit-driven budget process.  I am talking about the air and water pollution that drifts and flows over State lines. I am talking about the safety of food and drugs sold by national and multinational corporations. I am talking about the safety and reliability of our rail and airline systems.  All of these essential functions of our national Government have been under severe spending restrictions--virtually a spending freeze--since 1990. Under the current budgets of both the administration and the Republican majority in Congress, these priorities will continue under tight restraints.  Now, Mr. President, over a decade ago I proposed, along with Senators Kassebaum and Grassley, a freeze on all spending programs, to provide some breathing space for us reconsider the course we were on.  Well, of course we did not impose that freeze, and for almost a decade we did not undertake a fundamental change in our budgets--and the results are all too clear.  But 3 years ago, Mr. President, we took the first steps toward restoring some balance to our national finances. We passed a $500 billion deficit reduction package that has produced 4 straight years of deficit reduction for the first time since the end of World War II.  Unlike so many of the promises made here in Washington, Mr. President, the benefits of that plan were even greater than advertised. Because of the lower interest rates that serious deficit reduction permitted, the economy has grown fast enough to reduce the deficit to the tune of $846 billion less than it would have been.  That's right, Mr. President, our national debt would be $846 billion higher if we had listened to those voices who tried to scare us out of taking the first real steps to bring the deficit under control.  That experience might have been encouraging--we could accomplish real, significant deficit reduction and be rewarded with lower interest rates and stronger economic growth. But instead, the political response to that success has been a ceaseless stream of recriminations for those of us who voted for that historic budget plan.  So in many ways we are worse off than before, Mr. President. The lesson many will take away from recent budget debates is that the tough choices to reduce the deficit will get you little credit and a lot of blame.  And as is increasingly the case, we see that the goal of a balanced budget--years out there, over the horizon--seems dim and vague compared to promises to throw tens of billions of dollars on exotic weapons systems, or on continued corporate welfare, or tax breaks for a wealthy few.  That is why I am still convinced that we must take the final step to close the door on the era of uncontrolled deficit spending. We must send the balanced budget amendment to the States--to the people of the United States--for their approval.  Without this additional constraint on our budget process, I am afraid that we will find the old ways of doing business too easy, too attractive, to give up.  It is my belief that only when we have asserted control over our budget once again will we be able to conduct a meaningful debate on our real national priorities. Until then, the short-term, bottom line calculations will continue to drive the budget process.  Mr. President, that if we had taken control over the budget before, if we had found the discipline to make the tough choices, we would not have seen the erosion in support for those priorities that led me into public life. I want to restore balance to our Nation's finances, Mr. President, but just as importantly, I want to restore some balance to our priorities.  