 President, I rise today to deplore in the strongest possible terms the brutal assault last Saturday on former Bosnian Prime Minister Haris Silajdzic.  For more than 4 years, I have protested the bloody aggression by Serbia and its Bosnian Serb proxies against the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Even today Senator Lieberman, Senator Lugar, and I are introducing a resolution calling upon our Government to give stronger support to the International War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague, including making it an urgent priority for IFOR to detain and bring to justice persons indicted by the tribunal.  But, Mr. President, it was not Bosnian Serbs under the direction of the war criminals Karadzic and Mladic who attacked Haris Silajdzic. Nor was it carried out by the notorious Bosnian-Croat thugs from Herzegovina.  No, the attack was carried out by Bosnian Muslims belonging to the ruling party of democratic action, the SDA, of Bosnian President Izetbegovic. Former Prime Minister Silajdzic was making an election campaign speech in the Bihac area of northwestern Bosnia when about 100 young toughs waving SDA flags reportedly began terrorizing citizens at the rally. Some of them struck Prime Minister Silajdzic on the head with a metal bar, opening a bloody wound on his temple. He was rushed off to a hospital.  Many of my colleagues and I regard Haris Silajdzic as the single best hope for a multireligious democracy in Bosnia. For years he has fought against the vicious tribalism that unscrupulous politicians have used to stir up hatreds, even as he has tirelessly struggled to keep his embattled country alive.  Undaunted earlier this year after he was forced out of the prime ministership, Haris Silajdzic founded the party for Bosnia and Herzegovina, a coalition of Bosnian Muslims, Bosnian Serbs, and Bosnian Croats whose vision rises above the pathetic provincialism of the ethnic and religious-based parties intent on fragmenting the country.  The reaction of the ruling SDA in Sarajevo was, sad to say, typical of people who learned their politics at the foot of the old Yugoslav league of Communists.  Mr. Silajdzic has been harassed at every turn. Knowing of his broad international contacts, the authorities made it impossible for him to place telephone calls abroad. For example, when I have wanted to talk with him during the past few months, I have had to phone his home from Washington. And our conversations are routinely cut off in mid-sentence.  This is the treatment that President Izetbegovic's government accords a former prime minister with a worldwide reputation for bravery and integrity.  Moreover, Haris Silajdzic's multi-religious party for Bosnia and Herzegovina has been systematically denied a level playing field in the campaign for national elections, which according to the Dayton accords must take place by September 14.  They have found it excruciatingly difficult to get television time with which to spread their message of tolerance and democracy. I have already described how the SDA hoodlums broke up their campaign rally last weekend.  Mr. President, I would submit that the Bosnian people have no better friend in this Congress than this Senator. But let me be absolutely clear: The patience of even the strongest supporters of Bosnian independence has limits.  President Izetbegovic and his party must understand that we have not sent young American fighting men and women at the head of an international force thousands of miles from home merely to make it safe for a power-hungry, narrow-minded Bosnian Muslim clique to mimic the vicious, antidemocratic behavior of their Bosnian Serb oppressors.  The clock is ticking on the implementation of the Dayton accords. There are still many fundamental problems to solve. Until now the record of the Bosnian Government, though far from perfect, has been better than that of Serbia and Croatia and their respective Bosnian proxies.  But this latest outrage against Haris Silajdzic is a terrible step in the wrong direction. I call upon President Izetbegovic to take heed: Either get your party to clean up its act, or the United States of America may have to reconsider its Bosnian policy.  I thank the Chair, and I yield the floor.  