 President, let me begin by acknowledging that my friend from Utah supported a vast majority of the amendments that I am going to offer--not amendments--I am going to offer motions to recommit this bill with instructions to go back to the Senate language.  Let me acknowledge that I think both the Republican leader and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Hatch, and the chairman of the Judiciary Committee on the House side, Mr. Hyde, are all in a difficult position. I acknowledge that.  Let me acknowledge that Senator Dole deserves responsibility for this bill. I think he does. I think he deserves the responsibility for also what is not going to be in this bill because we are backing off after votes, which I am about to go through, of 91 to 6 and 99 to 0 and unanimous consent agreed. All the things I am going to offer here were passed overwhelmingly by the Senate. And we caved.  We caved so quickly on the House side it was like watching water go over a waterfall. I do think the leader bears responsibility for that as well, for not exercising his authority there because--I want to say at the outset here--I found this was the first time in any conference I have ever attended, even when the Democrats controlled the Senate, which they did off and on for the period I have been here, where everyone at a conference, but two, acknowledges that everything I am offering is correct and right but we are not going to do it because a minority of House Members do not like it.  I will not, because I am afraid I will misspeak--and I do not have the transcript--I will not use the description the minority members used of the Republican leadership in the conference on the House side because I may misspeak and create a little dilemma. But I will try to dig that up for the Record. But this is the first time I am aware where a major piece of legislation, where the Senate on the critical points have agreed overwhelmingly--overwhelmingly; I mean, 90 to 1 kind of overwhelmingly--and we have caved to the House, where the leader of the House in the conference said, ``You're right, Senate. But I just cannot pass it if I take it back.''  I think there is a thing called accountability. I think we should pass what we think is right, and let them vote against it. So if they vote against it, let them pay the consequences. And if they vote against it, and do not have the votes, then we can come back and try to get what we can get. But this is not even where we have challenged what was described to me as a minority of the Republican caucus on the House side.  They did not like it. Too bad. This is democracy. Too bad. There are a lot of things I do not like. I lose. I lose. But they did not like it. My goodness, 72 or 41 or 57 freshmen Republicans in the House do not like it. Great. So, yeah, I think that the leadership deserves credit and responsibility for not only what we are doing but what we are not going to do, apparently.  Second, the conference report--the majority leader stood up and said--and I have great respect for the majority leader, I truly do. I think over 23 years I have demonstrated it. He is a bright, competent leader. But he stood up and he said the conference report is essentially what we passed. It is not even close to what we passed in the Senate. It is not even close, which I will outline here in a minute why it is not even close to what we passed in the Senate.  The third point I would make is my friend from Utah and I have had sharp disagreements over habeas corpus for the last 15 years. They still exist. He is right in one important respect. This is a great habeas corpus bill. That is what this is. This is a habeas corpus bill with a little terrorism thrown in. I am not going to make any motions or move to strike the habeas corpus provisions. If we put back things in these provisions, I am willing to swallow the habeas corpus provisions, if we have a tough terrorism bill underneath it.  A year ago this week the American people experienced the unthinkable. Terrorists planted a bomb in a Federal building in Oklahoma City and hundreds of innocent citizens were killed or wounded. Families were faced with tragedy and chaos. And the Nation was catatonic.  In response to this horrendous crime that was committed, as well as the earlier terrorist bombs of the World Trade Center and Pan Am 103, the Senate passed a tough piece of legislation, in a timely fashion, to the credit of the majority leader and the minority leader. The House sat on it for the better part of a year. They would not even let their membership vote on it because apparently a minority over there thought that there was too much intrusiveness on the part of the Federal Government.  Does it not seem kind of coincidental to all who may be listening that after a year we are finally urgently bringing this bill up on the week of the anniversary of the bombing? Where was it a month ago, 3 months ago, 5 months ago, 7 months ago?  Now, the bill that we passed addressed both international and domestic threats of terrorism, and it carefully balanced the need for new law enforcement authority against the civil liberties that are so important to all of us. The bill also built upon work that had been done a year before in the Senate crime bill--now the crime bill, the Biden crime bill. It was the Biden-Hatch crime bill. I do not know whether he still wants to take credit for it. It was the Biden-Hatch crime bill. It isnow the crime law of the United States of America.  Guess what? There would be no death penalty for the two people about to be prosecuted were it not for the crime bill, were it not for the crime bill we passed, and the President led the way. There would be no death penalty because it is a Federal case, Federal law. There was no Federal death penalty for this.  My friend is talking that unless we change this habeas corpus provision, the Oklahoma bomber will go free. If those who voted against the crime bill had prevailed, there would be no death penalty even available to be brought against those accused of the bombing in Oklahoma City under Federal law. They would have to try it in State court without the resources of the Federal Government to deal with it. We kind of rewrite history around here. As my friend from Wyoming often says, everyone is entitled to their opinion, but they are not entitled to their own facts.  Let me also point out something else. On building on the crime bill the Senate passed, the terrorism bill that focused narrowly on a terrorist threat, unfortunately, the House then delayed. It finally passed a bill that pretty much took terrorism out of this bill. Now we face a conference report that is only partially approved. I strongly support the Senate-passed version of the terrorism bill, despite the fact that I did not like what we did and how we did reform habeas corpus. We have never had a disagreement that we have to reform habeas corpus. The question is, Do you eliminate it essentially, or do you reform it? This bill essentially eliminates it at a State level. Quite frankly, reform is needed to stop abuse of the writ of habeas corpus.  My friend, and he is a very able lawyer, trial lawyer, stood here and talked about how this is the most important thing to deal with terrorists--habeas corpus. Let me remind everybody who may be listening: In order to file a writ of habeas corpus, one has to be behind bars already. Got that? You already have to be in jail, convicted of a crime. When you file a writ of habeas corpus, you write it and you slide it between the bars and you send it via a court officer to the judge. You are in jail.  Now, how does that prevent terrorism? It needs to be reformed. The abuses must be eliminated. It has nothing to do with stopping terrorism. I think that is what we are about. Is this not about trying to stop terrorism?  Now, second, this is a very complicated subject that the Senator from Utah knows very well because he is a capable lawyer, and the Presiding Officer knows well because he is such a capable prosecutor. I mean that sincerely. Not a lot of lawyers understand habeas corpus. They know it is a great writ. If you sit down and ask them to explain in detail the difference between Federal and State habeas, they get lost. It is complicated and easily lends itself to exaggeration.  Putting this in focus now, every single case that I am aware of--and I may be mistaken--that my friend and his two competent staff people come up with are State court cases--every single one that I have ever heard. There may be one that I have not heard. Every one that Senator Thurmond comes up with, which are legitimate to come up with, every one I have mentioned, they are State cases.  Let me explain what I mean by that. It means that somebody was indicted and/or on information arrested, taken to a State court, tried under State law, convicted under State law, made appeals under State law, instituted their attempts under State habeas corpus to say, ``No, I was wrongly convicted. My constitutional rights were violated when they convicted me. Do not set me free, but give me a new trial.'' That is what habeas does. It does not find you not guilty. It requires you get a new trial if it is granted and, ``Send me back to State court to be tried again.''  Now, what happens? All the delays, 99 percent of the delays--let me be conservative--90 percent of the delays, take the best case to my friends, are delays when you are in State courts, State courts, State courts. Now, what are we talking about in the terrorism bill? What is this bill we are passing? Is this a State bill? No; it is a Federal bill.  If someone violates any provisions of this bill that we are about to pass, what happens to them? Do they go to State court and get tried in State court, and are they subject to the delays that occur in State courts? No; they go to a Federal prison. They get tried in a Federal court. They have Federal judges. They have Federal prosecutors. They have Federal people. No State judge gets to say a thing. No State prosecutor gets to appear in any position other than if they happen to be a witness.  Now, where is the delay? Where is the Federal habeas corpus problem? My friends do not cite any. Even if they do, we have a provision in here that I support. We set a strict limitation in Federal court, in Federal habeas corpus, with a Federal prisoner, tried under a Federal law, convicted in a Federal court, sent to a Federal prison, that they have x number of months in which to appeal their case, to make their habeas appeal. They get one bite out of the apple. That is fair. But it does not even deal with anything anybody argues is a problem. It just guarantees if there is any problem, it will be corrected, and if there is not, it will not occur.  Now, say somebody is convicted under this law. They are convicted under this new law we are passing. Where are they going to go? They are going to go to Federal court. Now, how does changing all the State habeas corpus cases have anything to do with terrorism? I would like to know that one. That is a fascinating notion, what we call in the law a non sequitur. It does not follow. It sounds reasonable. All the people sitting in the gallery when Senator Hatch, a worthy and knowledgeable advocate, stands up and says, ``This is very important. Habeas corpus is the most important tool we have to fight terrorism,'' you all go, ``I know Habeas, and I know Corpus, and they are real tough people. They are out there bombing people.'' Or, ``Boy, I know that makes sense. I know about all the delays. He is right.''  It has nothing to do with State courts because, by the way, I say to the Presiding Officer, who knows this well, if it is in a State court, it is not a Federal crime. If it is in a State court, the Federal Government is not prosecuting. If it is in a State court, it is not international terrorism. If it is in a State court, it is not a terrorist under this bill.  Now, what is the obverse? If it is in a Federal court, there is no evidence of delay on habeas corpus to begin with. But even if there is, we do correct it in this bill. But even if it is a problem, and even if we correct it, the only way you get the person who is filing the habeas corpus petition is if they are already in jail convicted. Now, tell me--I ask, if I could, folks watching this, how many of you feel if we could say in a blanket way, ``We guarantee you that anybody already behind bars--already behind bars--will be executed in a timely fashion if convicted of a capital offense,'' that will solve our terrorism problem? Do you all feel better now about terrorism? Do you all feel more secure about whether anybody will go in the New York subway with saran gas?  You all feel better that someone is not going to come up with--another wacko--one of these bombs they make out in some field in southern Delaware or northern Delaware or Montana or Alabama, and blow up a building and kill children--do you feel better? This is crazy.  This is crazy. It may be needed just like health insurance may be needed, just like better highways may be needed. But what does it have to do with terrorism? Let me give you the one possible nexus. Here is how it goes. The only intellectually, in my opinion, legitimate argument that connects it to terrorism goes like this; it says that if we convict a terrorist and send a terrorist to jail, and if a terrorist is not able to abuse the system--which nobody is arguing that the Federal habeas system is being abused anyway, and they know they cannot abuse it and they are likely to go to death in 6 months or 6 years, then they might not have committed the terrorist act in the first place. That is the only intellectually credible argument to be made as to how this could deter terrorism. Granted. So let us put that provision in the bill. But let us not go forward and say, with all due respect, this is going to change terrorism. I just asked a rhetorical question. Go back home and ask your constituents if they know thatthe appeal time has been cut from an average of 6 years to 6 months for people already convicted, and do they think we have licked terrorism. They will tell you that we imposed justice, they will tell you that we eliminated abuse, they will tell you that we saved money--all of which is true. But I defy you to campaign on the notion that you stopped terrorism by changing habeas corpus. Remember, folks, you already have to be in jail, convicted of a crime, in order to be able to file one of these petitions that you then abuse.  Now, the Senate-passed version of this bill really did do some things beyond habeas. It had all this habeas stuff in it, which, by the way, is a phenomenal overreach, but that is a different issue. I am not going to fight that again. I will register here just that the changes in Federal habeas make sense. The changes essentially say you cannot review State court decisions in a Federal court as to whether or not the State court accurately interpreted the Federal Constitution. That is a bad idea. That is saying that you cannot review, as a practical matter, State court judges' decisions on the U.S. Constitution in a Federal court.  I will not go into the history of why we did this in the first place back in the late teens of this century. But that is another issue. This is not an antiterrorism bill because it limits State habeas corpus. Unfortunately, what we have before us today is a conference report from which some of the most critical antiterrorism provisions are missing. My efforts to restore these tough provisions during the conference were unsuccessful. Despite the fact that the Republican chairmen on both sides, to their credit, acknowledged that they were good provisions, acknowledged that they were important provisions, acknowledged that they would work with me to pass these provisions in another form at a later date, and acknowledged that law enforcement needed some of these provisions very badly--notwithstanding that, notwithstanding that the majority of the members of the conference agreed with me, we voted them down.  I say to my friend from California, who has not been here as long, I found it to be a fascinating experience that never happened to me before. I am used to getting beat flatout. I get beat a lot. I am used to that. I am used to winning once in a while, too. But I have never been beaten where everybody agrees with me and then they say, ``We cannot agree with you, Joe, because those guys and women over in the House, the minority within our party, do not like it.'' That is like me saying the four remaining liberals in the U.S. Senate--if there are that many--do not like something. Therefore, even though you are right and I agree with you, I am not going to go along with it.  I am not being facetious. I respect their position because they want a bill badly. Apparently, the majority leader believes he needs a bill badly. Apparently, the President is concerned about having a bill. I am concerned about having a good bill. I am concerned about having the kind of bill we should have, the kind we passed. It was passed 91 to 6. That is the bill I am concerned about having. I was told the Republicans would oppose including these needed provisions in the bill because a group of Republicans in the House could not support the bill if they were included. In other words, a faction of Republicans--I might add that some liberal Democrats are agreeing with the ACLU. That is a fascinating combination. You know that phrase ``politics makes strange bedfellows.'' I want to tell you something. George Bush, or somebody, made famous the ACLU card, who carries that. When you have the people who carry ACLU cards and those who carry NRA cards sleeping in the same bed, it is fascinating. I would love to be in one of those meetings with the gunowners of NRA and the ACLU. Everybody is smiling. They are trying not to because they know how preposterous it is. It is fascinating. I am not being critical of either of the groups. It is human nature. They have objections for totally different reasons, as I understand it. They are a minority, no matter how you add them up. Yet, the majority in both parties is going to kowtow to them.  I, quite frankly, do not understand this antipathy to fighting terrorists and holding them accountable. I do not understand how a small group of House Members has been able to seize control of the democratic process and block provisions that the vast majority of us support. I think it is wrong, and I think we in the Senate should insist on a terrorism bill that contains the tough provisions we passed more than 9 months ago.  Today I will offer a number of motions to recommit this back to conference so the missing provisions can be put back. We must send the President a strong terrorism bill that addresses the very real threat posed by those who know only the language of terrorism and violence. But they are here at home and they are also abroad. They are both places, and we have to acknowledge that. Almost a year ago, after the tragedy in Oklahoma City, Speaker Gingrich issued a call to action. Let me quote him:       This is the kind of exact moment when Americans ought to be      Americans. We ought to pull together. We ought to send a      unified response to terrorists at home and terrorists      overseas that we are not going to tolerate this.  The Speaker was absolutely right. We should pull together and send a message to terrorists. Let me ask you all a question, rhetorically. You are a terrorist planning a bombing. You are planning to put a chemical agent in the water supply in Minneapolis-St. Paul; you are planning to use a chemical weapon in Athens, GA, or in Atlanta at the Olympics; you are a terrorist planning to blow up the pyramid tower, the Transamerican Tower in San Francisco, to make my point. Now, what are you going to be most concerned about? Remember, we said, using the Speaker's words, this is to send a message to the terrorists. You are a terrorist planning this bombing, OK, or planning an act. Are you going to be more concerned that the Senate has just given the FBI the authority to wiretap not just the phone that you use in your house, but the phone that you have in your car, the one you have in your pocket that you keep throwing away and getting a new one so you cannot be detected, and the phone at the corner that you use to communicate your activities; are you more concerned that they may allow the Government to tap all those phones you are using? Or are you going to be more concerned that they change State habeas corpus? What do you think? What is going to send you a message? Are you going to be concerned if you are a terrorist planning an activity that if, in fact, you walk into Macy's Department Store and you plan a terrorist act like the IRA, and instead of using the bomb you use shotguns, you call the President of the United States, or you call the Governor of the State of California and say, ``Unless you do the following, we are going to walk into one of the largest malls in Los Angeles and indiscriminately kill people.'' And you walk in with a shotgun--12 of you, 10 of you, 3 of you--and you blow away, indiscriminately, 10, 20, 30, 50, 100 Californians. Under this bill, you cannot be prosecuted in Federal court. Guess why? Because there is no Federal predicate. It is not a Federal crime to use a shotgun in the State. What is going to send you more of a message? That, or the fact that State habeas corpus has been changed? What are you going to do?  You are a terrorist. You decide you are going to use chemical weapons or biological agents. You are a terrorist. Now you learn that the Senate and the House just passed a bill that does not allow the Department of Defense, does not allow the military--the only ones with expertise in chemical warfare and biological warfare--does not allow them to participate in the investigation of your act. We affirmatively took that out of the bill.  What message are we sending terrorists? Are you going to be more worried about a provision that allows the military to investigate chemical and biological warfare against American citizens, or are you going to be more worried about the State habeas corpus? That is what we did. That is what we did. We took it out of the Senate bill. This is not chopped liver, folks. This is serious stuff.  Are you going to be more worried as a terrorist about to commit a crime, or having already committed one, that the Attorney General of the United States has the same authority that she now has with the Mafia; that, if she isconvinced that an imminent act of danger is going to take place by a particular individual, she can order a wiretap that will last for 48 hours, and within those 48 hours she has to go to a Federal judge, convince that Federal judge she has probable cause to put that in place in the first place, and, if she did not, it gets thrown out?  You can do it for John Gotti now. You can do it for organized crime now. But guess what? Our friends in the House decided you should not be able to do it for terrorists. What is the logic of that? Tell me.  I do not ever remember being as upset about what has happened to a piece of legislation. Tell me the message we send to terrorists. What is the message you want to send them? ``Do not stop here. Wrong place.'' What is the message you want to send them?  We have tools. If you are engaged in terrorist activities affecting Americans in the United States of America, to get you before you act, what are those tools? My friend was a prosecutor. Ask any prosecutor in here, ``What are the tools?'' Wiretaps, wiretaps, informants, information before the act occurs. But what do we do in this bill? We send a message to terrorists: ``Do not worry; no multipoint wiretaps for you.''  My friend from Utah says, correctly, that initially the President referred to the roving wiretaps. He says what the chairman of the House conference said, that that upsets people. They misunderstood. They thought they could indiscriminately put wiretaps. We know that is what they could do. The chairman of the Judiciary Committee knows it does not give the Federal Government that power, but because, apparently, whoever it was--talk show host, letter writers, or somebody--convinced them of that, they say we cannot pass it because the public misunderstands--misunderstands.  How many people in the public do you think understand accelerated depreciation for equipment in factories? What do you think? Does anybody stand here on the floor and say, ``You know, because it is difficult for the public to understand that concept, we are not going to pass tax provisions that relate to accelerated depreciation?''  How many people understand on this floor, or off this floor, how the International Monetary Fund works? Do we sit here and say, ``You know, because if we took an exam, the American public would not know what it meant, therefore, even though we know it is good, even though we know it is in the national interest, we should not do it.''  That is just what we said; because people misunderstand what a roving wiretap is, we cannot have one.  You are a terrorist. You are sitting there. You are the Unabomber--allegedly, assuming he got caught. You are sitting in your old cabin watching portable TV, battery driven, and you see the Senate goes out and says, ``You know, do not worry. We are not going to wiretap.'' First of all, ``I do not have a phone. It does not matter. But when I go use a pay phone, they cannot get me now.'' Are you going to know? ``My God, they have this change in habeas corpus now. I am going to really worry about whether I commit this crime.''  I mean, come on. Come on. Ask any police officer if you have a case on terrorism. Would you rather have a change in State habeas corpus or the ability to have emergency wiretaps? Would you rather have a change in habeas corpus, or would you rather have multipoint wiretaps court approved? What do you think they are going to say? What do you think they are going to say? If you ask them, ``Would you rather have the health care system of America reformed or have that provision,'' they may say the health care system of America needs reform, but it has not anything to do with terrorists. They may want habeas corpus, but it does not deal with terrorism. It does not mean we should not include it. It sure means we should not advertise this legislation as legislation that fights crime.  The destruction of Pan Am 103 reminds us that Americans are vulnerable wherever they are. The 1993 terrorist bomb at the World Trade Center in New York and the bomb blast at the Federal building in Oklahoma City were terrorist acts by anybody's definition. In response to the World Trade Center, Oklahoma City, et cetera, the President sent to the Congress the second bill focused primarily on international terrorism. Then, when the Oklahoma City blast occurred, he sent a bill that also addressed the domestic terrorist threat.  Here in the Senate, the majority leader, Senator Dole, and Senator Hatch introduced a bill based in large measure on that proposal with some additions. They brought it to the floor within 2 months of Oklahoma City tragedy. The numbers in the President's proposals that were not initially included in the Dole-Hatch bill were added on the floor by overwhelming bipartisan support, and in the end the bill passed 91 to 8. Every one of the Senate conferees supported the bill. Think for a moment who we are talking about: Orrin Hatch, Strom Thurmond, Alan Simpson, Joe Biden and Ted Kennedy. It is not often you get this group all together on a major controversial piece of legislation. And, when you do, you can be sure that there is something we have seen precious little of around Washington: compromise and bipartisanship.  The product of this compromise and bipartisanship was a bill that struck a key balance, a balance about protecting Americans from terrorists on the one hand while at the same time preserving the individual liberties that are the very hallmark of our American way of life--and the very thing that terrorists wish to take away.  I am struck by an irony here. I am a guy who has been criticized about being too adamant about civil liberties. I am a person who has often on this floor been castigated by my Republican friends as being too concerned about civil liberties and am now being opposed by those who say these provisions that I feel strongly about pay too little heed to the civil liberties and give too many powers to law enforcement.  Ever since I came to the Senate 23 years ago, I have made it my top priority, my nonnegotiable priority, to fight for civil liberties. I take a back seat to nobody when it comes to standing against the unwarranted expansion of Government power and standing up for the privacy rights and liberties of all Americans. Yet, I am here in support of a tough, comprehensive, well-balanced counterterrorism bill that all of you supported as well. With all due respect to my friends in the House, the conference report does not strike that balance and it does not do the job that must be done to protect Americans from the threat of terrorism.  I believe Chairman Hyde was right when, during the House debate on the bill, he opposed the amendment offered by Congressman Barr of Georgia, stating, ``Passage of the amendment would leave the bill a frail representation of what started out as a robust answer to the terrorist menace.''  Let me say that again. On the floor of the House of Representatives the conservative chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, Henry Hyde, when Mr. Barr introduced those amendments relating primarily, in this case, to the wiretap, said to his fellow Members of the House, if the Barr amendment passes, it will ``leave the bill a frail representation of what started out as a robust answer to the terrorist menace.'' He was right then. He is right now. What we have before us is a useful but frail representation of what started out to be a robust message sent to terrorists across the world, which was, ``Not here in the United States. We are empowering law enforcement, with the due respect and regard to American civil liberties, to have additional tools to fight terrorism.'' That, unfortunately, is not what has happened.  Today, I and others will offer motions to recommit the bill to conference with the intent of saving this terrorism bill. I believe my friend when he says to me that, if this bill passes without being strengthened to something like it was before, that he will work with me to create another separate bill to add all these provisions that I want in the bill--or that we want in the bill. I believe him.  But we know the process. This is going to be an extremely political year. The idea of anything passing here, with Senator Dole as the leader running for President, that is going to upset the folks over on the House side in the minority of his party, I think is less than real. It is understandable. It would be the same if there was a Democratic leader running for President. Itis not likely to happen. I doubt whether anyone here will stand on the floor and tell you there is even a 1 in 10 chance of passing any of the things I am going to raise or my friend from California is going to raise as independent pieces of legislation. This is our chance.  So, at a minimum we are talking about a year or two delay. And how many terrorist acts might we have prevented if we had given the law enforcement officials the tools that we are taking away from them here? How many? Pray God none. Pray God someone will be able to be here, assuming I am here in 2 years, to stand on the floor and say: ``Biden said in mid-April of 1996 that if we do not put these provisions in the bill, we would have lost the ability to stop some terrorist acts. I would like to say to Senator Biden, there have been no terrorist acts in 2 years, so he was wrong.''  I will gladly, overwhelmingly, with joy in my heart, say, ``You were right, Senator. I was wrong. We did not have any terrorist acts in 2 years.'' But, can anybody deny that denying the Federal Government the ability to wiretap like they can for the Mafia, denying the Federal Government the ability, with probable cause signed by a Federal judge, to wiretap people suspected of terrorist activities--that is not going to enhance the chance we stop it?  Today we will have a rollcall on a number of these votes. Today, I and others will offer motions to recommit the conference report. We must restore what the President, Senator Dole, Senator Hatch, Chairman Hyde, Representative McCollum and many others on both sides of the aisle in both Houses thought were important at one point, which is to take a clear and unequivocal stand against terrorists, whether they are overseas or in our own homeland.  As the President has said, we must be guided by three bottom-line goals. First, we must protect Americans without curtailing Americans' rights. Second, we must give law enforcement officials the tools they need to protect Americans from terrorist attacks. And third, we must make sure that terrorists are not given safe haven, support, and comfort here in our country.  I end by complimenting my friend from Utah for fighting hard to get these and other provisions back in the bill. He got some of them back in the bill in a conference, in his meetings with House Members. But in my view, he did not get the single most important provision in the bill. That is why, as a Congress, we must give the FBI authority to use wiretaps in criminal investigations; where we wrote special stringent protections into the statute in order to protect legitimate private interests. Each and every one of these protections range from strict probable cause showing to approval by a Federal judge to a requirement that officers minimize intrusive wiretaps, and time limits on any authorization will remain in the law. Wiretap proposals I will seek to include in the conference report are limited and modest, but they are urgently needed so we can identify and stop terrorists before--before--before--before--before they strike.  In the Senate, Senators Nunn and Thurmond hammered out a very limited and commonsense provision to involve the military if we should ever, God forbid, face an emergency involving biological and chemical weapons of mass destruction. Remember, we are talking about only technical and logistical support from the military, not law enforcement. We are talking about an emergency involving biological and chemical weapons of mass destruction; something the military is especially trained and equipped to deal with. The military, I might also add, has this limited authority when it comes to nuclear weapons now. Senator Nunn has now perfected that language, and we should include his provision in this bill.  The conference report also fails to include a number of other provisions in the Senate bill which I believe the conference report should contain, including the following: We should add terrorism crimes to the list of RICO predicates, that is those laws which are designed to deal with organized crime, and make the penalties harsher. We should make it a crime to teach someone how to make a bomb when they intend it to be used. That is what the Senator from California will speak to again. We should extend the statute of limitations for certain firearms offenses, as we do for other offenses.  All the provisions I have just mentioned were contained in the Senate bill which, as I said earlier, passed with the votes of 91 Senators and all the votes of us representing the Senate in the conference. What is more, at the same time that the conference bill goes easy on terrorists, it gets tough on law enforcement officials. For example, the House had stripped from the original bill a provision that would have helped protect police officers from cop killer bullets.  Let me explain that just for a minute. In 1986, and again in 1994, the Congress outlawed a few bullets capable of penetrating body armor worn by our Nation's police officers for their protection. The key problem with this approach is that it is possible, indeed altogether probable, that a new bullet can be manufactured and brought to the market before Congress can pass legislation to stop it. For that reason, many had sought a performance test. In other words, let us all agree on a test that will determine what kinds of bullets can penetrate the body armor typically used by police officers. Then bullets that fail the test, so-called cop killer bullets, would be banned before they can see the light of day or kill a cop.  The bill reported out of the House Judiciary Committee by Chairman Hyde contained the first modest step for this commonsense approach. It contained a study, just a study to determine if there is a fair test to determine whether or not a cop killer bullet is just that or is not that.  But even this modest step forward was changed in the conference report. The conference bill includes a provision added on the House floor to study how police officers are killed, with mandatory participation by national sporting organizations. What do they know about cops being killed?  The study is a setup.  We already know that armor-piercing bullets have never actually killed a cop, but that result is because we have been able to ban armor-piercing bullets before they are marketed. So the so-called study in the conference report is a first step, it seems to me, in an effort to stop any action that may keep cop-killer bullets off the street. I found this astounding.  It seems to me the conference report, while stripping out a number of provisions to crack down on terrorists, would make our law enforcement officers, who every day put their lives on the line, fair game for criminals in ways they are not now.  The conference report orders a commission to study not the terrorists but Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials who work to protect Americans from terrorism. Again, I find this astounding. I hope the police officers of America are listening to this. This bill calls for a study of American police officers. Did you hear what I said? A study of American police officers, not a study of terrorist groups, a study of American police officers.  I want to repeat, it is my intention to send the President a tough comprehensive bill. Since the conference report does not meet this standard, I will offer a series of motions to recommit the bill so that we get it right.  I hope all of my colleagues will support just what they supported before. I am not asking anybody to change their mind. I am satisfied if the six people who voted against it before vote against it again, but I hope that we have a principled vote here where people vote the way they did before on these issues and not be cowed by a minority in either party, in either House at any time. I yield the floor.  