 President, my friend from Arizona makes at least two valid points--and many more--but two valid points. One is that if Amtrak is out of business, I will be here. I will have to be in Washington; and it means I will not be running out of here after the last vote to get the train home, which means I will get to speak more. That may be inducement enough for my colleagues to vote to continue to subsidize Amtrak, so I am not here late at night debating.  But another truism that the Senator stated is that this has been a subsidy. It is an ongoing subsidy. But when he puts it in the context of being on the dole, you have to put it in the context of all other transportation systems. We subsidize airline tickets more. The average income of people flying in airlines, I suspect, is as high or higherthan anyone getting on an Amtrak train.  We subsidize those airline tickets a number of ways. They are tax deductible for business expenses. We build the airports. We build the towers and pay the air traffic controllers, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. We also subsidize the highways beyond what we collect in the highway trust fund moneys.  So, Mr. President, all modes of transportation in the United States are subsidized. It seems to me rational public policy would dictate us to look at what makes sense. Different regions have different requirements. I see my friend from North Dakota is here. Amtrak is useful to him, but he does not need Amtrak as much as he needs highways. In Delaware we do not need any more highways. We cannot afford any more highways in my State or the State of Rhode Island or the State of New Jersey or the State of New York and so on and so forth.  So every region of the country has different needs. It is true. They are all subsidized. And the question here is, it seems to me, the appropriate question is, What is an appropriate amount of subsidy? And it seems to me when Amtrak, having its budget cut by a third over the last couple years, having trimmed down significantly, this is not an appropriate cut. I thank the Chair for the time.  