 President, Senator Gramm and I are now offering a substitute amendment to S. 1675, a bill originally offered in April by myself and Senator Gramm along with Senators Hutchison, Faircloth, Dorgan, Kyl, Shelby, Campbell, McConnell, Stevens, McCain, and Thurmond. This legislation strengthens and improves the Jacob Wetterling Crimes Against Children and Sexually Violent Offender Registration Act.  The Jacob Wetterling Act, enacted as part of the 1994 crime law, requires States to enact laws to register and track the most violent, the most horrible--and least likely to be rehabilitated--criminals our Nation faces today. I refer to those criminals who attack our children and criminals who are sexually violent predators.  These criminals must be tracked. And local law enforcement must know when these criminals are in their communities. This was the reason I worked to include this important measure in the 1994 crime law. And I will also point out that almost all States have taken great strides to build an effective tracking system.  Now we seek to build upon this progress to meet three specific goals.  First, we must have a nationwide system that will help State and local law enforcement track these offenders as they move from State to State and will help by providing a back-up system of tracking.  Second, while most States have established or are about to establish these systems, if any States fail to act, we cannot allow there to be a ``black-hole'' where sexual predators can hide and are then lost to all States. A nationwide system will track offenders if States do not maintain registration systems.  Third, we must ensure that the most serious sexual predators are required to remain registered with law enforcement officials for the rest of their lives.  All of these key goals will be met by this legislation. In addition, our amendment will offer some improvements which are made possible by the nationwide system this amendment will provide. For example, our bill will--  Require all offenders to verify their address on a regular basis by returning verification cards with their fingerprints and recent photograph.  Require that a nationwide warning is issued whenever an offender fails to verify their address or when an offender cannot be located.  Institute tough penalties for offenders who willfully fail to meet their obligations to register with the nationwide system in States where there is no registration and in cases of offenders who move from one State to another.  Notify law enforcement officials not only when an offender moves to their area, but also when an offender moves out of their neighborhood.  To offer just one of the practical problems a national database will help local law enforcement address--Delaware law enforcement, because Delaware is so close to other States, will certainly need to know if a sexual predator lives just over the line in Pennsylvania. And only a national database can provide this information.  To offer a real life example of why a nationwide system is needed--in Delaware, a sex offender was released last year. Fortunately, Delaware's offender registration law requires this offender--Freddy Marine--to be tracked by Delaware law enforcement. Since his release, Marine has moved to another State. The nationwide system established by this bill will help make sure that if Freddy Marine moves back to Delaware--our State law enforcement will know, and knowledge is the key to effective enforcement.  In summary, the sex offender tracking and identification bill is possible because States such as Delaware and Texas have done the hard work to build statewide registration systems. We now seek to build a system where all movement of sexually violent and child offenders can be tracked and we will go a long way toward the day when none of these predators will fall between the cracks.  I am glad that we can now offer and pass with the unanimous consent of the Senate this important legislation to protect our children from sexual offenders. I hope that our colleagues in the House of Representatives will take up and pass the companion bill to this legislation and enact these vital protections for our children.  Mr. President, this is the next step in the approach to start action which Senator Dorgan, I, Senator Gramm of Texas, and others were doing with the crime bill. We decided that we were going to nationalize it--it became known as Megan's Law, and it was also called the Jacob Wetterling Act, again named after a victim in this case--to make sure every State had the ability and the requirement, in order to get Federal funds, that they had a State registry so that we know the States and communities can know. It became known as Megan's Law because of the celebrated tragic case in New Jersey. It was included in the original crime bill.  What we did not do that Senator Dorgan and Senator Kerry--first Senator Gramm came to me and asked me about participating in this, and Senator Kerry of Massachusetts and others, because all of a sudden it became pretty clear that there was a gaping hole. If, in fact, we have registration, for example, in Delaware, and our State is registering sex offenders so people know whether a pedophile has moved into the neighborhood after having been released from the jail, that gives the community some protection. But there was no vehicle or mechanism until we passed the Gramm-Biden law.  We are going to rename the law. For the person in Delaware who is in a position where a pedophile who lived in Chester County, PA--literally 4 miles or 5 miles from Wilmington, DE--moves across the line, there is no vehicle. There is no mechanism for the Pennsylvania authorities to notify the authorities in the State of Delaware.  The Senator from Massachusetts and I were talking about this. He points out that in his State, he has the same circumstance, if, in fact, you move from one State to another. As a matter of fact, his State does not even have a registry yet, which is one of his concerns he mentioned to me because it is sort of behind the rest of us. They are not moving.  The bottom line of this is real simple. We want people to know. We want a system to be available where it is a nationwide system that will help State and local enforcement people track offenders as they move from State to State, providing a backup system for tracking.  Second, while most States have established or are about to establish these systems, if any State fails to act, we cannot allow there to be a Pennsylvania black hole out there, a black hole that Massachusetts now, for example, is part of, because if folks who are pedophiles in Massachusetts are moving into Rhode Island, or any other place, or even into Massachusetts, there is nobody who knows. So we need a nationwide system.  Third, we have to assure that the most serious sexual predators are required to remain registered with law enforcement officials for the rest of their lives. This is not just being unnecessarily punitive. The recidivism rates are high, and the notification saves lives.  We require all offenders to verify their address on a regular basis by returning verification cards with their fingerprints and a recent photograph. We require that a nationwide warning is issued whenever an offender fails to verify their address or an offender cannot be located. We institute tough penalties for offenders who willfully fail to meet this requirement. We notify law enforcement officials not only when an offender moves to an area, but when they move from an area.  Let me offer one practical example of the need for this nationwide database. A sexual offender in Delaware named Freddie Marine is notorious. While in Delaware, every community was notified. But he moved out of Delaware. He may be over in Maryland or New Jersey. He is as much of a threat to a child in New Jersey or Maryland as he was in Delaware. But no one knows. There is no way they can know.  So this nationwide database will provide that. It has been a pleasure. People kid--when they said, ``This is the Gramm-Biden amendment, well, we will let this go through. It must be OK.'' But the truth is the Senator from Texas and I work an awful lot on these criminal justice issues, and we are more in agreement than not. I thank him for, quite frankly, pointing out this black hole that I referred to early on. It is a pleasure to work with him. And I thank my friend, Senator Dorgan, for not only letting this go through but being on the ground floor when we put the Jacob Wetterling legislation together; and my friend from Massachusetts, who has been very, very concerned about the failure of his State to move, as it should have, in making sure to help fill this black hole. I thank him very much.  I yield the remainder of my time, which is a rarity for me to do on the floor.  