 President, I have long supported an experiment with a line-item veto power for the President. Over a decade ago, I introduced my own plan for a line-item veto, with Senator Mattingly. Since then I have cosponsored several similar plans, in particular those offered by my distinguished colleagues Senator Hollings and Senator Bradley.  I have held this position for all these years, Mr. President, not because I believe the line-item veto will solve our deficit problem. No single procedural change can do that.  I support a line-item veto because it will, at the margins, shift the incentives now in our system to attach special-interest spending to our appropriations bills. To rein in that practice, Mr. President, we must expose it. The line-item veto will give the President a tool, if he chooses to use it, to raise the profile of wasteful, special-interest spending--to expose it to the light of public scrutiny.  The need to track down and remove wasteful spending is not new, Mr. President, but it has never been more important than now. As we continue down the road toward a balanced budget, we must reserve every dime of taxpayers' money for the most importantpriorities of this country. Now, more than ever, waste in one program will require cuts in more deserving areas.  So we must do all we can do to change the incentive to smuggle such spending into appropriations bills in the first place, or to give the President the power to cut it out once it gets there.  Mr. President, the version of the line-item veto that I have consistently supported is not the one before us now. Nevertheless, I will vote for this line-item veto plan today, because I believe that it can be a useful check on wasteful spending, at a time when we must subject every dollar we spend to the most careful scrutiny.  Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to explain the difference between the version I have consistently supported--the one, I must add, that we passed out of the Senate last year--and the version here before us today. I have long held that separate enrollment is the best approach, in contrast to the enhanced rescission plan before us now. But what do those fancy titles mean?  The separate enrollment approach to the line-item veto is the one that I have supported, and the one that I think most people have in mind when they think of a line-item veto. Quite simply, separate enrollment requires that the Congress take each item in the spending bills we pass and send them to the President separately, instead of lumped together as we do it now.  We used to send individual spending items to the President separately, back before the Civil War. I believe that the separate enrollment approach would restore a relationship between Congress and the Executive that was upset by the practice of lumping those items together. To that extent, it would be less disruptive of the constitutional relationship between the branches of our Government.  The way we do it now, we send the President every item for national defense, for example, in a single spending bill. If the President believes that there are too many tanks, or too many trucks, or too many missiles, he must veto the entire national defense bill to cut out the spending that he doesn't want.  We write bills that way on the bet that the President will accept additional spending as the price of getting our national defense or other basic needs paid for.  And, we must admit, Mr. President, we write bills that way because it serves the needs of individual Members of Congress to have their special projects--that on their own merits, in the cold light of day, could not muster a majority vote--to have those special projects pulled through the process by the locomotive of essential legislation.  By sending each item of spending to the President as individual bills--by separate enrollment of each item--Congress would expose each of those items to the scrutiny it deserves, would remove the camouflage of the larger spending bills.  The modest hope is not that the President will, willy-nilly, cut and slash special-interest items.  Rather, the expectation of those of us who have promoted this idea is that Members of Congress--confronted by a President with this new power--would choose not to include those special interest items that cannot pass the threshold of public scrutiny.  That is essentially the version that we passed out of the Senate last year, Mr. President, with one important addition. We included special interest tax breaks among the items the President could veto. Those tax expenditures lose money from the Treasury just as surely as any spending program.  And as for those items vetoed by the President, the normal constitutional procedures would apply--two-thirds majorities of each House would be required to override the veto, to restore the spending that the President has cut.  I have supported that approach as the one that least disturbs the constitutional relationship between the President and Congress, particularly on the crucial issue of the power of the purse.  I was heartened when that was the version passed by the Senate last year.  By the same token, Mr. President, I am less happy about the version before us today. But because I am still convinced that we need to improve our capacity to discourage if possible, and to cut out if necessary, any wasteful, special-interest spending, I will vote for this version.  The line-item veto bill before us today provides for a procedure that is more correctly known as enhanced rescission. It greatly transforms a Presidential procedure that right now has virtually no teeth--the rescission.  Currently, the President may tell Congress that he doesn't want to spend funds for one or more items in a spending bill that he has signed into law. But that will have no effect unless the Congress chooses, on its own, to pass a rescissions bill that may or may not include the items specified by the President.  If Congress chooses not to act, the President remains obligated to spend those funds in the legislation he has signed into law. So right now the rescission power doesn't amount to much, Mr. President, unless Congress decides on its own to make it law.  The bill here today would change that, would put real teeth in the rescission power. It would give the power of the law to a President's decision not to spend money on those items he chooses. That decision would become law unless Congress passed a specific bill to disapprove of his action. If Congress did not act, then the President's decision to cut those items would stand.  If Congress did pass a bill that disapproved of the President's cuts, the President could then use his veto power, which would require a two-thirds majority of each House of Congress to overturn.  This is a powerful new tool in the hands of the President. That is why I have always held that we should experiment with the line-item veto--that we should set a date certain on which the legislation will sunset. This line-item legislation provides for an 8-year experiment, after which it will terminate unless Congress agrees that the experiment has produced more benefits than costs.  This is longer than I think is necessary--particularly if we discover unintended consequences--but it does provide for two Presidential administrations over which to test the merits of this proposal.  I am more disappointed that the President's ability to cut special interest tax breaks has been severely weakened in conference with the House. The remaining provision would apply to only a few tax items--in fact, with clever tax lawyers on the job, it could well apply to virtually no tax breaks.  So, Mr. President, like so much legislation we consider and that becomes law, this line-item veto bill advances a worthy cause--cutting out waste and special-interest spending--but not in the ways that all of us may agree with. As someone who has for years advocated the separate enrollment method of line-item veto, I wish we had chosen that route.  But there is a more fundamental question--Will we give the President a power that will expose congressional spending to a higher level of scrutiny? Will we take an additional step to prevent the inclusion of special-interest spending in our appropriations bills? I am willing to take that step, Mr. President, and will vote for the conference report.  