 President, I am delighted to listen to the Senator. I know what is going to happen. I am going to respond to him, and we are going to hear somebody talking about delay. I have talked a lot less time than the Senator from Utah, who was worried about delaying passage of the bill. I think he should talk. I have been in this game before, and I know what is going to happen. I am going to respond to him an equal amount of time, and somebody is going to say I am delaying. I would like a record to be kept as to how long we have spoken. I have no intention of delaying this.  I am going to respond as briefly as I can and then yield the floor and, at a later date, introduce my amendments. Let me point out that you are looking at somebody who not only does not oppose the death penalty, I wrote the bill that added 57 new penalties.  So I am not opposed to the death penalty. I am not only not opposed to it, I authored the Federal death penalty legislation. And the bill that I authored is the reason why those people in Oklahoma are going to be able to get the death penalty in a Federal court, if in fact there is a conviction. That is No. 1.  Second, I disagree with the habeas corpus provisions that are in here. But I am not going to oppose the bill based on that. I am not going to offer amendments to change that.  So, as we say in the law, the red herring keeps being thrown up here by those who are opposed to the death penalty, and it is really about habeas. And it is not about that.  Third, those liberal Federal judges my friend is talking about, 57 out of the 100 of them are Republican liberal judges; 57 out of every 100 of them were appointed by President Bush and President Reagan; 57 out of every 100.  So, to the extent that they are liberal and not the majority of the court, it is a Federal court appointed by two Republican Presidents.  Just to clear some of the clutter away here, I also point out to you that there are some very tough provisions in this bill. I am not saying there are not. There are very tough provisions. My initial response was that the biggest weapon in here to fight terrorism was habeas corpus. That is an after-the-fact weapon, not a before-the-fact weapon. I am not as terribly optimistic as my friend from Utah. I believe we can stop terrorism. I believe we can stop terrorists. If the only thing I was to do here as a U.S. Senator was to clean up in the aftermath of terrorist acts and make the prosecution more available, then I would think I was doing half my job. That is not question. I do not question for a moment that the victims of the Oklahoma bombing and their families very much want the habeas corpus provision. I do not question that. They are victims.  There are two things we are trying to do in this bill--deal with the victims of terrorism and prevent new victims. My point is habeas does nothing about preventing new victims. That should be our major thrust in my view.  Also, I point out that my friend from Utah says that the district attorney is going to seek the death penalty. Well, if in fact the Federal trial takes place, which is going on--if, in fact, there is a conviction and they get the death penalty--I hope to God he will not intervene and delay the death penalty by then going into State court to get a death penalty if we already get the death penalty in Federal court. That is another red herring. The idea that the State attorney general, the district attorney in Oklahoma, is saying he needs a change in State habeas corpus in order to put to death people who in fact committed the Oklahoma bombing, they will already be dead. They will already be dead, if they are convicted, because they will be convicted under a Federal law, and they will be hung or injected with a lethal injection under Federal law. They will be dead. I surely hope he will not delay their death by deciding to have a whole new trial in State court. Again, it sounds reasonable when he says it to you. But when you parse through it, it makes no sense.  Why would you try someone, and then delay the imposition of the death penalty after they have already been convicted and are about to be put to death?  The other thing I would say is that there are some taggant provisions in here. I compliment my friend on the taggants. Everyone should know what taggants are. They are little tiny particles that they put in the manufacture of weapons, of bombs, of material that goes into bombs. So when the bomb goes off, the easiest way to think of it as a lay person, if somebody has a little Geiger counter, metal detector, they go around and pick up these taggants. They blink. They make sounds. So they can identify. Then they can look and see the taggant, and they can put it under a microscope and find out that this taggant, this material used in this bomb, was made in Dover, DE, or Sacramento, CA, at such and such a place, such and such a batch, and such and such a time. Then they can trace who purchased that batch of material, and they trace it back. And they find the guy who put the bomb together. That is what a taggant is. That is what it means.  We had a very strong provision. The House had a weak provision. But to the credit of my friend from Utah, last night he put in the process that guarantees there will be taggants because everyone should know this: That, although there will be a study, the study once completed automatically goes into effect. So anyone who objects to it will have to get a majority vote in the House and the Senate to defeat it. That is a very positive thing he did; very positive thing. And I compliment him for it.  Although it will delay by 28 months what we wanted to do, it will make it likely that that automatically will be the law, and it will require affirmative action to knock out the use of taggants.  The other point that I want to make is that many of the things that the Senator said--all of the things he said--are accurate about the additional provisions in the law. But if I can make an analogy, it is kind of like giving a police officer a revolver that has six chambers in it and giving him one bullet. You are giving the revolver. That is good. You give him one bullet. That helps protect. But we should give him the other five bullets.  My friend cited as one of the sterling objectives and achievements of this legislation as one example that would create a new crime, a new Federal crime--terrorism--that says that providing material support for terrorists is now a Federal crime. That is good. That is the gun and one bullet. But guess what we do? We say that you cannot use a wiretap under Federal law to go after people who have provided material support for terrorist groups. We do not include that in the list of crimes for which you can get a wiretap under Federal law. The Senate did. The House did not. So we do not include that. So we give them a gun. We give them the bullet. But we do not give them the full chamber. It is positive; agreed. But why in the Lord's name would you allow people to get a wiretap for bank embezzlement and not a wiretap for materially supporting a terrorist organization? Why would you do that? I do not understand that.  Lastly, I would point out that--there is much more to say but I am not going to take as much time as my colleague because my friend from California has been standing here for all of this time--the Senator went into great detail about human pathogens and chemical and nuclear and biological warfare. He is right. We added those crimes. We added enhanced penalties. But guess what we did? We said, if it is a chemical or biological weapon, you cannot do what you can do for nuclear weapons. You cannot bring in the only people who know about them; the military--the only people trained with the equipment to dismantle them, the only people who know how to identify them. You cannot bring them in for chemical, or for biological weapons. But you can for nuclear. Again, an example of a half-step that is very positive. It is in the right direction. But then you make it not useless but incredibly difficult to enforce, or to deal with because you cannot call in the experts.  It is like that movie you all saw, that one with Dustin Hoffman, and the danger that breaks out in the town, ``Outbreak.'' Let us assume a terrorist under this law uses a biological weapon. You are not going to have Dustin Hoffman flying in with the people in helicopters who are military who can deal with this. They are not going to be allowed to deal with it because we prevent them from dealing with it. We do not allow them to. The local cops are going to have to take care of it. You are not allowed to bring them in. Hollywood is going to have to revamp their scripts.  I mean, see again, a positive step but a half tentative step. And, when you are going to close the deal because a few people disagree with it, we back off. We back off.  I have much more to say. I will withhold the rest of my comments but conclude by saying there are two pieces here. There is dealing with the apprehension of, the conviction of, and the imposition of a penalty on those whocommit terrorist acts. That is very important. We do some of that in here. But there is an equally important aspect of preventing and apprehending before they commit the heinous act, those engaged in terrorist activities. We do not do a very good job of that in here.  I yield the floor, and I beg my colleague to yield and not take the floor because I will have to respond to him--and he is talking a lot more than I am--and let my friend from California proceed.  Several Senators addressed the Chair.  