 President, I am happy to answer my colleague's question. Let me first say to him that one of the reasons why he is so well-respected in this institution, and he is on both sides of the aisle, is because he has such intellectual integrity and he is so straightforward. I assure you, my answers to this or other questions will not attempt to nor could they in any way cause you trepidation.  I must admit I did not know that the Senator was with Secretary Volpe at the time. It is just one more reason I admire you.  You did the right thing. Maybe the projections were not what they should have been. The Senator is correct. What happened was a number of Senators on both sides of the aisle--and Members of the House--who had some significant power said, we want you to run a train into a section of the country or a section of my State where we could not justify the cost that it would entail to run the train relative to the number of people it serviced. That actually happened.  What also happened was, we came along over the years and we finally told Amtrak that they, in fact, had to make some significant cuts, particularly the last 3 years. So they went out and they went after all those nonprofitable routes. I will not say with certainty because I cannot say, I do not know, to the best of my knowledge, but all of the most egregiously costly routes that were maintained are gone now--gone, in the last 3 years. I cannot say to him I know that every route that continues to exist is fully justified if you use a cost-benefit ratio in terms of the number of people riding it versus the cost of maintaining the service.  Let me add one other point. I think the problem is not merely that one person gets on the train when you need 15 people to meet the cost of running the train. What we should do, and what we did in part with the landmark highway bill that we passed several years ago, the so-called ISTEA, we did what should have been done but did not quite take it far enough. We should have said to the State of West Virginia, or the State of Delaware, Montana or Utah, we should have said what ISTEA started. That is, we should say we have the transportation moneys, most of which are generated by the highway trust fund. Now, you in your State should be able to, after you meet the minimum-plus of your highway needs, you should be able to take some of your highway trust fund moneys if you choose, Governor, and State legislator, and you should be able to take that and say to Amtrak in West Virginia, ``Look, it may be nostalgic, but it is important to us, and we are willing to put up our money to you, Amtrak, so that you, Amtrak, nationally, don't have to swallow the loss of maintaining a train that goes to every junior college,'' or whatever the example you gave was.  That should be a decision that the State should be able to make. Now, that State may say, ``Look, we want to be able to connect those junior colleges. It is cheaper for us to add a lane of blacktop connecting those,'' or, ``We want to put on a bus that is maintained by the West Virginia Department of Transportation,'' or whatever. And so the one piece that I don't think my colleague from Utah could have envisioned back in 1970, or thereabouts, was that you had to look at the whole transportation component. I think you did the right thing back then. But what we did not do about this and a lot of other things, like we just did on welfare--we have to give States more flexibility to be able to use their funds. What we do now is straitjacket them.  Senator Roth and I have been pushing three things. In your State, Senator, you have, in addition to your State highway--I know you know this much better than I do, and I am not being solicitous. But for the purpose of people understanding our dialog here--your State, your Governor, your legislature gets, figuratively and literally speaking, a check for highways. Now, you get it in two or three different ways, sometimes, under the new highway bill. You get one that comes for interstate, you get one that comes--and then you get one for rural transportation. There is a section of the highway trust fund, the highway bill, the so-called ISTEA bill, that says if you don't want to build a highway to connect Provo to some small little town, then you can take some--only a small portion--of your highway trust fund money going to your State and you can buy buses--and this goes from the ridiculous to the sublime--or you can build bicycle paths or walking paths, but you can take some of those highway moneys.  But you are not allowed to take any of that money for inner-city rail transportation. It may be that you want to connect to Las Vegas, NV, to Salt Lake City because a lot of people go that route. That is a long way, by eastern standards, but not so long by western standards. You may say, instead of us building a highway to have the economic benefit that we anticipate--although I suspect that many in SaltLake would not want to be connected to Las Vegas, but I don't know.  Assuming that was the decision. Then it seems to me that you should be able to say, and the Governor of the State of Nevada should be able to say, ``We want to take these highway trust funds and build a rail, and we want to have a train run this way. It is better for us, less damage to our environment,'' or whatever. You may say, ``No, we want to build a highway.''  So what the missing link here is, and what we are fighting so hard for is to get basically three things that will put Amtrak in the circumstance where they can be as you asserted in 1970 they would be in 3 years. Let me tick them off and I will stop and I will be happy to hear what my friend has to say.  One is to say, look, there are certain basic capital improvements that are needed in areas where we know there is a need, where we know there is a ridership, where we know there is the market to get this thing up to the point where it is running a surplus. No. 1. That relates to the Northeast corridor expansion--that is, electrifying and straightening out the old routes, et cetera, and buying these train sets. By the way, these train sets are also available for the west coast because there is a growing need, and the Governors in the States of Washington, Oregon, and California say they see how it would be profitable for them to have it available. So that is one thing we do.  The second thing we have to do, it seems to me, is say that in order to deal with this transportation component in the areas where we know the need exists, we should take one-half cent of a highway trust fund, which is now about 18 or 19 cents for a gasoline tax--take one-half cent and dedicate it to a trust fund for intercity rail service. That would generate $600 million a year, one-half cent. Then we would be out of the business of us having to depend on direct appropriations. And by every estimate, that would maintain the entirety of Amtrak's national capital needs per year.  The third thing we should do, in my humble opinion, is we should not keep unprofitable routes on, making Amtrak have to swallow the cost of that. We know why it works that way--in order to get votes. You have to get 51 votes here for anything to happen. So we should say to the States, if you want Amtrak, where it is not profitable for them to send a train, pay them, just like you pay to build a highway, like you pay to build an airport, or for anything else. Here is how you can do that. We are going to allow you--you, the State--to have the flexibility of the funds that are available, one small portion of the funds you get, instead of building another highway. I am oversimplifying it--it costs $200,000 a year to run this train through Montana to the ski resorts, which you say generates--I think $30 million, the Governor said, a year. Now, Amtrak can make on its own $100,000 of the $200,000. You have to come up with the rest.  Make a choice, Montana legislature, make a choice. Do you want to build an extra route or highway into Sun Valley, or do you want a train to continue to run? If you don't want to do it, fine, you don't have to do it. Amtrak shuts down that train. But it's flexibility, and it seems to me it is consistent with a rational national transportation policy. We are then not telling the people of Utah that they have to spend money to build rail systems out there that they don't want, where, environmentally, practically, politically, substantively, it makes more sense to build a highway. Conversely, we are saying to Amtrak, you no longer have to carry the burden of training the system to maintain systems that don't meet the economic imperative of breaking even. And so that is what this whole game plan was supposed to be.  My complaint about this bill is, I say to my friend from Utah, before I yield to him, is that they have taken one of the legs out of that three-legged stool--the only way Amtrak is going to make it. It is a catch-22 situation. I think the Senator may have gone with some of us over to the Library of Congress the other night where Joseph Heller, the author of ``Catch-22,'' was one of the readers. And Trent Lott, the majority leader, read a passage from a great book series that they are doing. It was quite an interesting event. I hadn't read ``Catch-22'' since college. Hearing Heller get up there and read a passage of ``Catch-22,'' and watching him laugh at his own passages, was kind of infectious. But this is kind of a catch-22 for Amtrak. We need your vote. We need the vote from the Senators from Texas and the Senators from Montana and the Senators from Arkansas. But if you don't have a train going into your State, then you say--and I am not being critical--you say, well, why should I vote for this? Why should I vote for this? So what Amtrak has done up until now is they have been caught in that catch-22. They know if they don't keep the train going--I will pick somebody deceased, Harley Staggers--if we don't keep the train going for Harley Staggers into his district in West Virginia, they ain't going to get the money. They are not going to get enough votes to get it passed.  So we blame Amtrak for continuing to run on unprofitable routes. But Amtrak management sits there and says, ``I know if I don't run that train, we don't get to run them anywhere.'' And so the bottom line, for me, is that this particular bill takes out one of the three pieces of the equation that are needed to make the assertion of the Senator from Utah in 1970, in fact, true. I think the three things that need to be done--and I will not repeat them--are things that meet the test of equity, fairness, national interest, and parochial needs, without the Federal Government demanding any State do anything they do not want to do.  I would be happy--I see my friend--to yield to him.  (