 Mr. President, let me respond by saying that that is an incredibly difficult position for the Senator from Oregon to be placed in.  What I would try to do is explain to my constituency in eastern Oregon what the facts are. I would point out to them that the Amtrak officials who went back from that meeting and met with the Amtrak board said, you know, we should keep this going for another year to give them a chance to workthis out, and were met with a response that said, if we do not cut 10 more routes and cut out another $1.5 million or $2.6 million, whatever the number may be, Mr. Wolf, the chairman of the committee over on the House side, is going to cut everything out, because he is going to turn to us and say that Amtrak is doing what the Senator from Utah has said. Amtrak is continuing to put money into a line that costs money. And we have run out of runway. We, the Amtrak management, have run out of runway.  Then I would say to them that Amtrak's inability to give you another year is not related to what they really want to do. The truth of the matter is, Amtrak knows that their ultimate future lies in a national rail system--not a Northeast rail system, but a national rail system--and the reason it does is that we are going to, over the next 30 years, have increases in population and shifts in population around this country that cannot be accommodated merely by building more airports and highways. So for every day that we grow older as a country, the necessity for extending rail as a mode of transportation increases exponentially.  Then I would say to them that we had a problem back in 1934 and 1935 and 1936 when all those Eastern Senators and their constituency said, why in God's name are we paying to build those dams out there in the West? Why are we doing that? I do not understand that. I am taking my hard-earned tax dollars to build a dam on the Columbia River, or on the whatever river, and I do not know eastern Oregon well enough to cite a specific dam, if it does affect eastern Oregon. And I would say what happened then was somebody stood up and said, look, this is in the national interest.  Now, if we spend the billions of dollars to build those dams out West, if we spend the billions of dollars to do those things, what we will eventually do is our economy will grow in the East as well. We will benefit, but you are not going to see it for a day, a week, a year, 10 years, a decade. It may take several decades for that to be seen. And that is the hardest thing to convince any constituency that understandably is aggrieved and understandably has need for a service and has money being taken out of their pockets for something they do not see develop quickly.  The last thing I would say to them is that those who are pushing the hardest to continue to fund Amtrak are the people who support you the most, who are the people who are saying, we should give you a year and we should give you more than that, we should give you flexibility to be able to work out compacts with the other States in the region in order to be able to use other moneys that are available to you to keep the Pioneer running.  However, I do not in any way suggest that it is an easy sell. We are a nation, whether we are in the East, West, South or North, that is very much accustomed to and seeks an instant answer to a larger problem. My experience has not been in eastern Oregon, although I have been there once at a major political event, but my experience has been that when one explains in honest terms to your constituency the overall benefit that will accrue to them, in fact, sometimes they are willing to forbear them not having movement immediately.  But I certainly appreciate the Senator's problem. Let me tell you something that happened to me recently. I will not mention the Senator. I got a call from the president of Amtrak saying, ``I don't know what to do. One of the States that we need help from is telling us that they want to keep their particular train going in their State. These two Senators have said basically, if you don't continue to keep this train moving, we are not going to be willing to vote for the things that need to be done,'' whether it was the half-cent gas tax, whether it was the use of rural funds, or whether it was the direct funding. And, he says, ``Then I got a call from a major political figure who holds significant office beyond Senator here in this body, saying, if you continue to fund that train which is not making money, I will not be willing to support Amtrak's long-term needs.''  It is really a catch-22 circumstance. That is why I wish we could all basically say time out, time out for a couple of years.  Let us explain two things. Unless you get the Northeast corridor up and running with the new train sets, you have no section of the system that is going to be generating a profit. Unless you provide more flexibility to the States to be able to kick in and work in compacts--you helped me in the compact amendment we had last year.  