  In offering this amendment with Senator Specter, the reason we offered it is I believe we have gotten off track on welfare reform. We need to return to bipartisanship on this issue and, quite frankly, on many others.  This amendment is the text of the only bipartisan welfare reform bill that has been introduced in this Congress and the only bill that President Clinton has promised he would sign. It is not to suggest it is the only bill he will sign, but it is the only bill he has promised to sign, and the only bill I am aware of that has relatively wide editorial support from the leading papers in the country.  My colleagues will probably know it as the Castle-Tanner welfare reform bill. I, frankly, like to call it the Biden-Specter bill because Senator Specter and I did introduce it on the Senate side. But, the heavy lifting on this bill and the drafting of the legislation was done by Congressmen Castle and Tanner. It is perhaps appropriate that everyone know it as the Castle-Tanner bill, and they did a first-rate job.  Before talking about the substance of the proposal, I want to briefly review how we got to this point of offering the amendment. Last September, the Senate passed a bipartisan welfare reform bill by an overwhelming majority, as my colleague, Senator Specter, indicated. We, along with the vast majority of our colleagues, voted for it. Since then, however, we have been faced with gridlock, politics, and paralysis. Both sides of the aisle have been using welfare reform as a political football, and we have accomplished nothing thus far.  Last April, Congressmen Castle and Tanner, and several other moderates from both parties in the House, decided to leave the bickering behind, sit down, and write a bipartisan welfare plan. This amendment is that bill. There is nothing shocking or hidden in this bill. It has all been out there before. Block grants to the States, a 5-year time limit, work requirements, child care, and child-support enforcement. The genius of this particular amendment is that it is bipartisan and has been from day one.  Let me mention just a couple of differences between this amendment and the underlying bill. Before I do, I want to compliment my senior colleague from Delaware, Senator Roth, for the changes that he has made in the bill in the Finance Committee. When I introduced the Biden-Specter bill, or Castle-Tanner bill, in the Senate last month, the differences between the Finance Committee proposal and what we are proposing today were much larger than they are today. There is still, in my view, much room for improvement in the so-called leadership bill, and I believe we should still go forward with the bipartisan bill. However, I want to recognize Senator Roth's effort at accommodating some bipartisan changes.  Some of the major differences that remain--one we settled just a couple hours ago, the child care health and safety standards, to ensure that kids are being cared for in a safe environment. We accepted that amendment. I guess we voted, actually, overwhelmingly, for the amendment to become part of the leadership bill.  Second, the Biden-Specter bill provides States with additional funds to set up work programs, because getting welfare recipients into jobs is going to cost a little bit of money on the front end.  Third, the Biden-Specter bill allows--not requires, but allows--States to provide noncash benefits for those who reach the time limit, so that States have the flexibility to design a program that meets the needs of the children in their State. This provision is the same as an amendment which was independently introduced by the distinguished Senator from Louisiana, and just discussed.  Fourth, the Biden-Specter bill would not allow food stamps to be converted into block grants, so that the ultimate safety net, ensuring that all Americans have food on the table, will not be taken away.  Fifth, the Biden-Specter bill would retain for all families, not just those who are below the poverty line, the transitional Medicaid coverage, where those who go to work can keep their health insurance for 1 year. It is acknowledged that the vast majority of welfare recipients in that first year in jobs will not have jobs that, in fact, provide health insurance for their children.  Welfare recipients are not stupid; they know most of the jobs will not have any health insurance for their kids. If we really want to move them off of welfare and on to work, and not just on to the streets, an extra year of health care, in my view, and in the view of the bipartisan group, is critical.  Sixth, the Biden-Specter bill says that anyone who wants to receive welfare must sign an individual responsibility contract, so that they are forced to agree up front to the conditions placed on receiving the benefit, and so that they will have a plan from day one on how to get themselves off of welfare.  Again, Mr. President, these are not all of the differences that exist in the bills, but they are among the most important.  Now, I know that every Member of the Senate will be able to find something that he or she does not like in the Biden-Specter proposal and all other proposals. I can do that, too, and it is my own amendment. The point is this: If we really want welfare reform, and not a political issue, we must do it in a bipartisan way, with each of us compromising and doing it in a form the President can sign.  This amendment fits that bill. It is the only bipartisan welfare reform bill to be introduced in Congress. It is a bill the President said he would sign, a bill that has gotten wide editorial endorsement, and a bill that makes compromises by definition of being bipartisan on both sides.  I do not like the idea that we are block granting welfare and that it is no longer an entitlement, but in return for that, my Republican colleagues agreed they would come up with sufficient dollars for a 1-year transition for health care and they would come up with money for child care, and so on.  It is a genuine compromise that I think is a solid proposal. I proposed a concept of welfare to work in 1987, and I was pilloried by my colleagues on the Democratic side at the time for suggesting that there be mandatory a work requirement for anyone receiving welfare. We have all sort of come to the same general proposition.  The issue is, are kids going to be left out there? Are women going to be able to go to work, or single fathers be able to go to work, knowing that there is no reasonable prospect for anyone to take care of that child, and not have day care? And are they going to make that judgment to do it, knowing once they do, they are going to lose their Medicaid--which is translated as health care for their children--by going to a job where they will not get health care for their children?  This is not just about money, although the Biden-Specter bill is estimated to achieve savings of $53.1 billion. But that is only one of the purposes, I thought, of this legislation, this change. We hear speech after speech after speech about changing the ethic that is involved in the welfare syndrome. We just heard our good friend from North Carolina talking about the generational nature of this problem and how to break the spiral, and so on. Part of this effort is to, in fact, not just take people off of welfare and put them on the streets, but put them to work and make them want to go to work and make it reasonable for them to go to work.  I respectfully suggest it is not just about money. It is about changing attitudes.  It is time to say that we do not care who gets credit for reforming welfare. It is time to just do it in a bipartisan fashion. For the sake of the American people and the sake of the people on welfare, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan Welfare Reform Act. And depending on what my friends on the other side have to say in opposition, I reserve the remainder of my time. I do not expect to use any more time if there is no reason to respond.  I yield the floor.  