 President, the amendment I am proposing today would provide the first $20 million of a 5-year effort to add 1,000 new Boys & Girls Clubs--including 200 more clubs in housing projects--so that 1 million more children can participate in this vital program.  This investment of $100 million in seed money--all to start new clubs--translates to only $100 per additional child who will be served by a Boys & Girls Club.  The Federal Government's contribution is only 10 percent of the total funds needed to complete this project. This is only seed money. The remaining 90 percent of the funding for new clubs will come from private donations.  That is a Federal contribution of only $100 per child to provide 1 million children with a safe, supervised, and challenging place to go after school rather than hanging out on street corners or returning to an empty home.  Fully 40 percent of juvenile crime is committed between 3 and 9 p.m. These are the hours when many children are left unsupervised.  In hundreds of public housing projects across the country, Boys & Girls Clubs give kids a safe place to hang out after school--a place with positive activities and positive role models.  A 1992 evaluation conducted by Columbia University found that housing projects with Boys & Girls Clubs had 13 percent fewer juvenile crimes; 22 percent less drug activity; and 25 percent less presence of crack than housing projects without Boys & Girls Clubs.  Those who study this issue agree that breaking the cycle of violence and crime requires an investment in the lives of our children with support and guidance to help them reject the violence and anarchy of the streets in favor of taking positive responsibility for their lives. And prevention of crime--particularly juvenile crime--is more important now than ever before.  In 1994 more than 2.7 million children under the age of 18 were arrested. Half of these arrests--1.4 million--were children under the age of 16.  There is a fairly simple answer to this problem--provide supervised activities for children during the high-crime hours of the late afternoon and early evening. The key is to keep children off the streets and out of trouble during the times they are most likely to get into trouble.  This is not complicated. We can--indeed we must--recognize this fact and take all the actions necessary to fill the crime-likely hours with supervised activities. Constructive after-school prevention programs like Boys & Girls Clubs are the best way tool we have to stop juvenile crime, juvenile drug use, and juvenile victimization by other youth.  We have a choice. We can work to prevent crime before it happens.  If we don't, we are merely postponing the inevitable--dealing with juveniles after the shots are fired, after the children become addicted to drugs, after more lives are ruined.  When a life about to go wrong is set back on the right track--that is a testament to hope.  We build hope by showing children that they matter and by contrasting the dead end of violence with the opportunity for a constructive life.  This amendment deserves full bipartisan support. This is crime prevention--as far as I know, the Boys & Girls Club is a program everyone on both sides of the aisle has claimed to support.  I urge all of my colleagues to fund this proven prevention program and join me in helping to stem the tide of children who would otherwise be lost to drugs and violence.  