 President, when comprehensive health care reform went down to defeat in 1994, many of us in the Senate were frustrated because we had let yet another opportunity for reforming the health care system slip away.  At that time, there was wide agreement on some elements of health care reform. I, for one, wanted to go forward with those items--even if they fell short of addressing all of the problems in the health care system. Unfortunately, political considerations on both sides of the aisle and at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue prevented us from passing even those things we all agreed on.  Today, it appears that cooler heads will prevail. Today, it appears that the Senate will pass--and I will proudly vote for--the Kassebaum-Kennedy health insurance reform bill.  Who would have believed less than 2 years ago that we would be on the verge of passing a bipartisan health care bill. And, who would have believed that the bill would provide real reform by addressing the most pressing problem faced by middle-class Americans--the possibility that they will lose their health insurance just because they change jobs or get sick.  Four years ago, a national survey showed that nearly one-third of all Americans had at some time in their lives been the victim of ``job lock.'' Fearing the loss of health insurance, they stayed in a job they did not want and did not like. Two years ago, I asked Delawareans that same question--and in responding to my questionnaire, 21 percent of Delawareans said they had experienced job lock. Addressing this problem is long overdue. But, it may finally happen.  With the bipartisan Kassebaum-Kennedy bill, no longer will insurance companies be able to deny coverage for most pre-existing conditions. No longer will Americans be locked in jobs they do not want because changing jobs means losing health insurance. And, no longer will insurance companies be able to cancel a person's policy just because they get sick.  Last year, a General Accounting Office study showed that nearly 25 million Americans could benefit from legislation similar to what we are considering today. It will provide security and peace-of-mind to millions of middle-class Americans and their families.  Mr. President, the Kassebaum-Kennedy bill also provides some important help to small businesses--those who have been most devastated by the rapidly rising costs of health care. First, the bill would increase the self-employed health insurance tax deduction to 80 percent. I am a cosponsor of legislation to increase the deduction to a full 100 percent. This bill falls short of that goal, but it continues to move us in the right direction.  Second, the bill would make it easier for small businesses to join together to purchase health insurance. By pooling their employees, small businesses can spread the health risks among a large number of people and get cheaper insurance rates as a result.  And, third, the bill guarantees that all small businesses will have health insurance available to them. It prohibits insurance companies from cherry picking the businesses with the healthiest employees and refusing to sell to all other businesses. It says, if an insurance company sells to small businesses, it must sell to all small businesses. This sounds simple--even unnecessary. But, in the real world, it is crucial. When just one employee in a small business has a problem pregnancy, or has a disabled child, or suffers from some other medical condition, it often means that no one that works in that small business can get health insurance.  Finally, Mr. President, I want to address the provisions in the bill regarding health care fraud. This is something I have worked on for 4 years now. In 1992, I introduced legislation tocrack down on the small number of health care providers who engage in fraud against their patients, insurance companies, and the American taxpayers.  Those who perpetrate fraud are few in number, but their crimes are large in dollars. During a hearing I held in the Judiciary Committee in 1992, it was reported that up to 10 percent of total health care spending in this country is fraudulent. That is over $100 billion in health care fraud this year alone.  My bill would have cracked down on these cynical manipulators of the system by increasing the number of Federal investigators and prosecutors going after health care fraud; doubling the penalties for those found guilty; providing rewards for patients and health care workers who come forward with information about fraud; and making sure that the guilty make restitution to the victims. My legislation passed the Senate in 1992 but was never taken up in the House.  A year later, with the leadership of Senator Cohen, health care fraud provisions were included in the Biden crime bill. But, again, the House would not go along, and they were dropped during the conference.  Now, they are back again. And, the fraud provisions in the Kassebaum-Kennedy bill are very similar to the legislation I first introduced in 1992. I want to commend Senator Cohen for his diligence in this area. But, I wish to note that while the House health care bill also contains fraud provisions, some of those provisions would actually weaken the anti-fraud laws. I urge the Senate to insist that they be stripped during the conference.  Mr. President, despite all of the good about this bill--protecting Americans from losing their health insurance, helping small businesses, and cracking down on health care fraud--it will not solve all of America's health care problems. And, it is not intended to.  The fact that it does not address a whole host of problems--including comprehensive cost control and the nearly 40 million uninsured Americans, including 100,000 in Delaware--does not mean these problems do not exist and should not be addressed. Failing to deal with these matters may be a weakness of the legislation. But, ironically, it is also the bill's strength.  Precisely because the bill deals only with the most pressing health care problems, we have a very real chance of passing a health care reform bill for the first time in my nearly 24 years in the Senate. We are on the verge of breaking the gridlock on health care reform.  The fact that it is an incremental--not comprehensive--bill is not a reason to vote against it. In fact, Mr. President, I would argue that it is a reason to vote for the bill. By passing the Kassebaum-Kennedy legislation, we will have made a downpayment on health care reform--addressing some important problems and helping meet real needs of the American people. If we show that responsible Government action can work--and work well--we will have opened the door to possible future bipartisan agreements to solve other health care issues.  I hope that we will be back to address those issues. But, in the meantime, I hope that we will not let another opportunity slip away. I hope that we will pass the Kassebaum-Kennedy bill.  