 I know that if I start to respond--I did not come to make the statement I just made. I am just responding to what I heard. Let me make the statement I came prepared to make and then yield to the Senator for anything he wants to say or ask.  Mr. President, to state the obvious, a budget, whether it is a household budget, whether it is a company's budget, whether it is the Nation's budget, is the formal expression of our priorities as a company or as a family or as a nation. It tells us, after all the talk is over, where we decided to spend our hard-earned money. In this case, the hard-earned money of taxpayers like all of us.  Unfortunately, Mr. President, the budget resolution before the Senate, in my view, fails to address the most fundamental issues before the country. It fails to take care of the basic priorities that have made our Nation great, the priorities that can help us meet the challenges of the future. Again, I think we can all agree on one thing. I used to be on the Budget Committee. I am delighted I am no longer on the Budget Committee. I was on it for a long time. When I used to be on the Budget Committee and had to give it up to move over to other committees, new members come and say, ``What do you think about getting on the Budget Committee?'' Or I speak to university groups or constituents at home and they say, ``What about the Budget Committee?'' I say that the single most important thing a new Member of the Congress can do is be a member of the Budget Committee. Just like the single most important thing you can do if you go with a big company is look at the company's budget.  When all the rhetoric is gone, and everything is stripped aside, where we spend our money says volumes about what our real priorities are. If we say we care about education and do not spend money on education, then we obviously do not care about it very much. If we say we care about crime in dealing with crime and do not allocate our resources there, we do not care about it very much. If we say we care a lot about a national defense, and we do spend our money on it, it establishes we do care a lot about national defense. We say to students, if you want to know what a company really does, what a family really cares about, what a nation cares about, go look at its budget, its budget. I do not think anybody could disagree with that, have any reasonable disagreement with that. It lays out our priorities as a nation.  The point I want to make in the next few minutes, I think we have in the budget before the Senate, the Republican budget, our priorities out of whack. It is not a bad budget. It is not an awful budget, not a draconian budget. We can say a lot of political things about it. The real debate on this budget is no longer about no matter what you hear people say here, we are going to balance the budget, are we committed to balance the budget; it is how we balance a budget, how we balance a budget.  It is just like a family can decide if your child gets into Harvard University whether you are going to spend $25,000, meaning that you cannot buy a car for the next 4 years. Or you can buy a new car for the next 4 years and send your kid to my alma mater, the University of Delaware, which will cost $7,000. There are priorities. I happen to think a Delaware education is better than a Harvard education, but that is a personal thing.  It is real important when we talk all the mumbo jumbo out of this and understand what this debate is about. It is about where we are going to spend money, and even more importantly inthis environment, where we will cut. There is no way to get from here to balance under anybody's numbers, anybody's numbers, any assumptions, short of divine intervention by the Lord, without cutting.  It is a question. You can measure one's value system based on how much more they spend on something, how much more they cut. When you have to cut, who do you cut it from? Do you cut it and decide you are going to cut it from your children's education and still go to the beach for 2 weeks, or are you going to decide to cut the beach and spend it on your children's education? It says something about how much a family values education. It says something about how much they value vacations. I am not making a value judgment. A vacation for one family may be more therapeutically needed than an education for another child. That is literally what it does. That is what this fight is about. That is the difference between Democrats and Republicans here. It is not that we both decided to say, ``I like being with a party that has a letter that begins earlier in the alphabet.'' That is not the reason why I am a Democrat or why my friends are Republicans. We have different priorities here.  How do you best make the Nation function? I do not doubt for one second the positive patriotic intentions of my Republican colleagues. They proposed this budget not because they are mean-spirited. They proposed it because they believe this is truly the best way for the most Americans to do the best. We have a disagreement. I think America will not prosper spiritually, morally, economically, politically, as well, under their set of budget priorities than they do under mine or my parties or the President's. That is what this is about.  You all are going to get the smokescreen out. ``There are a secret set of books buried somewhere in the Capitol, and in the year 2002 we will open them and you will find the fingerprints of John Q. Wilson who worked for the FBI in 1974''--what are we talking about? We should have a straight up-and-down fight. They do not want to spend as much money on education as we want to. They do not want to spend as much on the environment as we want to spend. They do not want to spend as much money in law enforcement as we do. We do not want to spend as much on defense, or as much on the wealthy as they do, and so on. They are legitimate, fundamental, disagreements. I think we should do the American people a favor. Have a referendum on what they want, which theory they buy into.  My comments, the remainder of them, are directed at why I think my theory, my party's theory, my party's priorities, are better not only for average Americans but for the community of America, than are those of my Republican friends. I do not doubt their good intentions, I want to make it clear. I do not think they sit in the Cloakroom and say, ``You know, how can we make sure that John Kluge makes more money?'' Some of my left-wing friends think they sit there and say, ``Well, how are we going to get the wealthy to do better at the expense of the poor?'' I no more believe that than I think this chair can get up and levitate. They believe the way to help the poor the best is to see that those who have the most have the greatest freedom and prosperity to invest. I found that theory does not necessarily follow. I have a disagreement.  Let me make it clear, lest anyone come out here. I do not question the intentions, motivation, or sincerity of any of my Republican colleagues. I think they are wrong--not morally wrong--wrong. They will not turn out as you predict.  Mr. President, each year education becomes ever more important to keep our economy growing and to enable our citizens to become productive members of society. This budget in question cuts, in my view, too much from education.  (