 President, I rise in support of the substitute language offered by myself and Senator Hatch. This substitute is offered for a simple reason, the House-passed bill cannot and will not pass the Senate. I must also point out that while I obviously support the language I am co-sponsoring with Senator Hatch and others, this bill leaves a serious shortfall that must be addressed next year.  This shortfall is the failure of this legislation to take the single most important step we can to combat the rise of Rohypnol, the ``date-rape'' drug--that step is to shift this drug to schedule 1 of the Federal Controlled Substances Act. Why is rescheduling so important?  Rescheduling is important for three simple reasons: First, Federal rescheduling triggers increases in State drug law penalties, and since we all know that more than 95 percent of all drug cases are prosecuted at the State level, not by the Federal Government, it is vitally important that we re-schedule. Second, Federal rescheduling to schedule 1 triggers the toughest Federal penalties. And, third, rescheduling has proven to work, in 1984, I worked to reschedule Quaaludes, Congress passed the law, and the Quaalude epidemic was greatly reduced and, in 1990, I worked to re-schedule steroids, Congress passed the law, and again a drug epidemic that had been on the rise was reversed.  Still, despite the fact that this bill does not reschedule Rohypnol, I believe that it is important to pass this legislation because it takes the necessary and needed step of adding a new Federal offense for the crime of using a drug to commit any crime of violence--an offense that is punishable by up to 20 years behind bars.  This bill also calls on the DEA Administrator to make a recommendation on rescheduling Rohypnol to the Congress within 180 days. I am confident that the DEA Administrator will recommend the step I have been calling for more than a year--rescheduling Rohypnol to schedule 1. The fact is that the DEA Administrator has already formally recommended schedule 1 to the Department of Health and Human Services which is now beginning the lengthy process of its formal review of the recommendation. This is the standard process for an administrative rescheduling, and in most cases, I believe it is appropriate--but, when we are faced with immediate and clear dangers, I do not believe that it is wise for Congress to refuse to take action.  To offer a few more details about the importance of rescheduling Rohypnol, allow me to make a few more points.  First, rescheduling Rohypnol is the most effective way to get State and local law enforcement to focus on Rohypnol--given the limited amount of resources for fighting drugs, cops focus on those deemed most dangerous and these are the drugs found in schedules 1 and 2.  Second, and as I have stated, many State drug laws are triggered by the Federal Government's scheduling system. The Uniform Controlled Substances Act provides that when the Federal Government reschedules a drug, the States which have signed this Uniformity Act will automatically have their State drug penalties changed to match the Federal penalties.  In other words, without action on our part to reschedule, many States will not be able to address this problem until it is too late and Rohypnol has already infiltrated their communities.  Third, I have heard some critics of my rescheduling proposal argue that rescheduling is wrong because Rohypnol is a medically accepted drug in other parts of the world. In response, I would simply point out that in 1984 when Congress rescheduled Quaaludes, they were a medically accepted drug right here in the United States.  What is more, unlike the action taken on Quaaludes--in which Congress saw fit to go so far as to ban previously legal sales of the drug in this country--the rescheduling of Rohypnol in the United States will not hurt medical use here in America because there is no legal use of Rohypnol in America now. Doctors cannot prescribe this drug.  The bottom line is that the Congress will be debating the rescheduling issue all over again in 6 months. I regret this delay. I abhor this delay. This delay has the potential of leaving more children in danger. But, this is the reality of the situation we face because of one simple reason--a huge, foreign company that manufactures Rohypnol does not want America to reschedule their drug, even though this company does not--indeed cannot--sell this drug in America.  It is just as simple as that, because a company is afraid of losing some money, the effort to bring the maximum power of Federal law against the date rape drug has been defeated. I think we should take the partial step we are taking today, I think it is a positive that the Congress has agreed to accept a formal recommendation from the DEA Administrator, I believe that will ultimately be persuasive enough to gain a majority to support rescheduling, but let no one be under any misunderstanding that what we do today is all we should be doing to control the epidemic of the date rape drug.  