 President, I thank the manager. I was going to respond very, very briefly to the Senator from Michigan who just spoke about the violent crime trust fund. As the author of that trust fund, I am saying I am delighted to see so many Republicans coming aboard now, having voted against the establishment of that fund.  I agree what the House did was outrageous and the proposals to cut the violent crime trust fund are equally outrageous. I want to point out, I want to remind everybody how we funded that. The Senator from Texas, Senator Gramm, was a cosponsor of the funding of that. We cut it by agreeing to do what none of the previous Presidents had done, cut the Federal work force by 272,000 people: No new taxes. No new taxes. We funded it for 6 years.  Now I welcome the support for the trust fund and the recognition of the need for it, the recognition it may make sense to extend it beyond the 6 years for which we authorized it. The fact of the matter is, when I introduced that legislation and it was passed with six Republican votes--excuse my reference to partisanship here, but I find everybody is cutting the COPS program, they come and cut the prevention programs, there are fights on the floor here under the Republican leadership to cut the violence-against-women legislation--now I have Republican leadership talking about not only liking the trust fund but wanting to extend it another 2 years. I think that is a very worthwhile thing to do.  I hope, if there is a genuine intent to do that, we will first make sure you all sign on and we are not going to cut the trust fund now. We did not fully fund the crime bill trust fund, which is now the crime law trust fund, last year to the extent that there was money in the trust fund in 1996. The House did not fully fund the trust fund this year. We did not and are not fully funding it. The money is there. We are not spending any money that had not had the nickel dropped in the box. You take a worker's paycheck who no longer works for the Federal Government and you put it in the box and you hire a cop, you build a prison cell, you go out and deal with a serious prevention program like the drug courts, you go out and make sure you build more boys clubs and girls clubs.  So, I hope we are all singing from the same page here and that is that, A, by definition, the crime bill must be pretty good if we are extending the trust fund; B, if we are going to extend the trust fund another 2 years we should spend all that is in the trust fund for its stated purposes; and, C, I hope we are not going to decide we are going to keep kids out of crime, and trouble, and the drug stream by taking away the WIC program or taking away other programs to fund the COPS. There are better ways to do it.  But I am anxious and willing and delighted that there is the support for the full funding of the trust fund and the extension of the trust fund.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Abraham). The Senator from Georgia is recognized.  