 And far from increasing our commitment to a better-trained work force, the budget provides less and less money for education and training as we move into the next century. In real terms, adjusted for inflation, their budget cuts spending by $25 billion for spending in this area over the next 6 years.  Look, we can argue about elementary and secondary education, we can argue about whether or not prayer in school will change it, or we can argue about whether or not spending more money in title I will change it, and we can argue about how bad off our education is. There is one thing there is no argument about. We have the best higher education system in the world--in the world. It is the only place we do not have to look at any little thing and say we rank 7th, 17th, 91st--we rank No. 1 in the world in higher education.  So what are we doing? As more and more people from different countries are beating their brains out to get into our higher education system, we are--I suspect unintentionally--making it harder for Americans to get into educational institutions of higher learning. We are not arguing about the quality of that education.  My Republican friends--in my State, at least--like to argue what Ronald Reagan argued: You know the best way to cure education is to spend less money on it. The one place nobody makes that argument is higher education. That is what I mean when I talk about guaranteed student loan programs. As for our country's commitment to our parents' generation, Mr. President, this budget's Medicare cuts will make health care more expensive than our proposal will. Its cuts in Medicare will make nursing home and long-term care a greater burden for families of those whose seniors depend on them.  Whenever we talk about Medicare, we always talk in terms of the effect on seniors. That is not how I talk about it. Where I come from, I talk about it based on the values I was raised with. Can you imagine, I say to anybody listening here, if your mom or dad comes to you and says, ``You know, honey, under the changes taking place, I am no longer able to see Dr. Smith, and I have to do'' this, that or the other thing--can you imagine any decent child in a position to financially take care of them not saying, ``Do not worry, mom, I will pay for it.''  Who do you think is going to pay for this? Middle-class parents. The people who are 45 to 55, who have children coming up through school trying to get into higher education and have moms and dads with increasing medical bills or needs. I wonder how many Americans--men or women, husband or wife--are going to turn to their mother and father or mother-in-law and father-in-law and say, ``It is too bad that they changed the system that way. You have less money for health care, and I am not chipping in.'' This is going to increase the burden on my generation, which is getting squeezed.  Now, again, I do not suggest that is why it is being done. I suggest that we have different priorities, because one of the things my friend said is that if we spend more money on education, we have to cut something else here. If we spend more money on Medicare, we have to cut something else down here. This is not a zero sum game. This is not one of these things where I can say if you buy into my proposal, you get everything. I am not saying that. This is different priorities.  In my view, the place where we should be putting all of our energy is to deal with the shrinking middle class, which is getting their brains kicked in. We all acknowledge that.  Mr. President, most troubling for me is the failure of this budget resolution to fully fund the most basic function of Government--that is the purpose of my being here today--which is to protect our citizens from violent crime.  Mr. President, let me first review the facts that underscore just how we have come to face a budget resolution that cuts funding for the administration of justice account--that is a fancy Senate term for the money we spend on law enforcement--below what the President requested, below what the U.S. Senate has passed, and below what the House of Representatives has passed. Let me review what has gone on so far. The President requested a total of $23.5 billion for 1997, $5 billion of which is for the crime law trust fund--which I am proud to say I was the author of, along with several others--to fund the entire Justice Department, which includes the FBI, DEA, prisons, other Federal law enforcement, and the courts--they are all included. Then the House-passedbudget resolution proposed by the Republican leadership of the House of Representatives, by a narrow partisan vote--that sounds pejorative; I mean a narrow vote that was based on party lines--226-195; 221 Republicans voted for it, 4 against, and 190 Democrats voted against it, 5 for.  What did that House budget resolution do? It cut the President's $23.5 billion request for law enforcement, and all the functions related to that, to $22.1 billion, a cut of $1.4 billion. Included in this was a $317 million cut for the crime law trust fund. That is the thing that funds all the cops--the State cops, local cops, the 100,000 cops--and that is the thing that funds prison money for States. That is the thing that funds that whole crime law.  Then the Senate passed a budget resolution offered by Chairman Domenici. Unlike the House, to his credit, Chairman Domenici fully funded the $5 billion requested by the President for the crime law trust fund. But the Senate budget resolution cut the total from the administration of justice account--that is everything else--to $21.7 billion. That is a cut of $1.8 billion below what the President wants.  Again, we are talking priorities here. We acknowledge that if we spend $1.8 billion more on crime than the Republicans want, we have to find $1.8 billion somewhere not to spend it. We acknowledge that. The point I am making is the priorities here. We do not think we should cut it from there.  Finally, the House and the Senate Republicans offered the Senate a conference report. For those listening, that is when the House passes their bill and the Senate passes their bill on the same subject, but they are different in detail. So we have a conference and literally meet in a room in the middle of the Capitol somewhere and work out the differences. Then we send back a compromised version, called a conference report, to the House and Senate, which has to be voted on again.  Now, the House and Senate Republicans offered the Senate a conference report that makes even deeper cuts than were made by either the House or the Senate in the Senate-passed resolutions to the President's request for crime-fighting dollars.  The conference cuts the President's $23.5 billion to $20.9 billion, a cut of $2.6 billion. So it has gone from $1.2 to $1.8 to $2.6 billion less being spent on crime fighting. In fact, this cut would put the administration of justice account, in 1997, below the 1996 level by $45 billion. We will spend less next year than this past year if this budget resolution were to become law, if we do what it proposes.  Mr. President, by the way, what happened to all the tough-on-crime rhetoric that we have been hearing from all sides--Democrats and Republicans? Neither side is immune from being shameless in talking about how tough on crime they are. It seems that the President held up his end of the bargain. He requested the largest ever annual budget for the FBI, DEA, U.S. attorneys, and help for the State and local prisons and police. But a majority of the Congress has been AWOL--absent without law enforcement leave here. If the proposed cut of $317 million for the crime law trust fund is allowed to stand, there can only be one result: Fewer Federal dollars will be able to combat crime.  As my colleagues know, the general numbers of the budget resolution do not specify which programs will be cut. But it is clear that some programs, when they get to the appropriators, will have to be cut below what the President and what I and others want. What specifically might this mean? Let us just review the law enforcement efforts funded by the crime law trust fund. We fund Federal prosecutors out of that fund in the amount of $55 million; the FBI, $40 million; the DEA, $200 million; border enforcement and deportation of aliens who break the law, $525 million. By the way, we spent weeks on the floor talking about why that is so important. The violence against women efforts including more police and prosecutors and more shelters for battered women, $254 million. A billion dollars for the construction of prisons and reimbursing States from imprisoning criminal aliens. And an additional $2.6 billion is to aid State and local law enforcement.  We all know there is no free lunch. So if there is a cut in the total for the trust fund, at least some of what I just read will have to be cut. It is going to be less border patrol, less efforts to combat violence against women, fewer FBI agents, fewer DEA agents. There are going to be cuts.  Again, I am not questioning the motivation. I am just saying there is an honest disagreement. I think we should cut other things rather than cops, or the FBI, or prison construction. Just because I was the author of the law that this funds, I have to acknowledge that. So I lay it out. I do have a bit of an interest in it in the sense that I spent 6 years trying to get it passed, but that is not the reason alone. I think it is the single highest domestic priority we have.  To review the potential impact of the total cuts of $2.6 billion, let us look at how the President proposed to spend his $23.5 billion that he proposes for the administration of justice accounts. Again, we cannot be sure specifically what will be cut, but it is clear that there will have to be significant cuts of the President's request.  He wants $2.5 billion for the FBI, $818 million for the DEA, $2.2 billion to build Federal prisons and maintain them, $949 million for Federal prosecutors, $372 million for interagency drug enforcement task forces which every State in the Nation is asking for help on, and $1.7 billion for immigration enforcement.  None of us can say where the cuts will have to be made, but if this budget passes, the appropriators are going to have to go out and find that money--hundreds of millions of dollars to cut from each or all of those accounts. There is no way to avoid it. None. Granted, everyone can vote for this budget, and when the FBI says, ``You voted to cut our budget,'' they say ``No, no, I didn't vote to cut your budget. The President said $2.5 billion, and I want to spend it at $2.5 billion.''  Tell me where you are going to cut the $2.7, or whatever the number is when we finish here? None of us can say where the cuts will be made, but it is clear there will have to be some significant cuts in all of these key law enforcement initiatives.  Is there anyone in this Senate, though, who thinks our Nation will be better served by a smaller FBI, by a smaller DEA or fewer Federal prosecutors? I would like for them to come forward and tell me that. Again, that is a little unfair.  That implies, by the way, that I said that people really want to do this. I am not even sure, if we had all the money in the world--economic assumptions are different--that we would have little disagreement about spending all of this money. Maybe a little, particularly by some of our friends on the House side who may think that all Federal agents are jack-booted thugs and who want to cut it out and who probably think the Freemen are doing the right thing, and so on. If they exist, they are overwhelmingly in the minority. I know of none in the Senate.  But what we are doing here is, we are saying this is the place we should cut more than we should cut tax exemptions for individuals. This is the place we should cut for corporations. This is the place we should cut rather than cut money for the Defense Department. That is what we are saying. That is what I have difficulty agreeing with.  If there are no additional resources, no more FBI agents, no more DEA agents, no more Border Patrol, no more prosecutors, no more State and local police added to our streets, no more drug testing of offenders, no more prisons built, all the new laws we can pass will not be worth the paper we write them on. If you are going to pass tough laws and say, ``Put them in prison,'' you have to have a prison to put them in. It costs money. It even costs money to shoot them. It even costs money to hang them. It even costs money to inject them lethally. It costs money.  Mr. President, this budget resolution shortchanges, in my view, the national effort against crime. I submit that this Congress could pass a new terrorism bill, or any other criminal justice reform, every single week from now until the end of the session, but if it does not require more agents, nor more law enforcement officers, nor more Border Patrol, nor more prisons, nor more prosecutors, it ain't worth a darn. But this is not the only reason I urge my colleagues to vote against this budget resolution.  America became a great economic power because we developed an educational system. Any hope we have to maintain our Nation as the world's most productive economy depends on our willingness to commit resources to our workers for the skills which they need. Ours is a great country because we respect the contributions of those who have gone before us--our parents' generation who made us into a leader of the free world.  We committed to support them. We committed to support what they have done to guarantee them the health care they need and deserve. We made that commitment. We made the commitment not only because they are parents but for what they did to build this country. Americans everywhere want and deserve clean air and clean water and not backing off.  All this stuff, by the way, about the environment, I just want to say again what I said several times before. I have not had a single, solitary Delawarian come to me and say, ``You know, Biden, you are spending too much money on determining whether or not my water is clean. I don't want you paying that much attention to it.'' I have not heard one single, solitary Delawarian come to me say, ``Biden, you are spending too much money on monitoring whether or not the water in my State is clean.'' It seems to say, to me, that is what the American people, the Delaware people, want their money spent on: clean air and clean water. We do not spend enough in this budget on those things.  On each and every one of these fundamental priorities--fighting crime, educating our children, particularly higher education, caring for our elderly, and protecting the environment--I believe this well-intended resolution fails to take care of the most important priorities that have been made by us in past generations, and continue to be the priorities we all say we care about, priorities that help us meet the challenge of the future.  Mr. President, education, crime, caring for our elderly, and protecting the environment are the priorities upon which we do not disagree on whether we should do them. I want to make it clear again. I am not suggesting that there is any Republican who does not want to protect the elderly, have clean air and water, have a good education system, and fight crime.  I am suggesting that the tools they have given us to do those things in this budget are not sufficient, and they give more than is needed for other areas which should not be priorities. If, in fact, we had all the money in the world, we will not have to make these hard choices. But, ultimately, a budget is about deciding what you think is most important, and today we measure ``most important'' by what we do not cut as much as something else. I think their priorities are not the ones that I would like to see.  And, therefore, I will urge my colleagues to vote against the budget resolution.  I see the distinguished manager on the Democratic side is here.  I yield the floor. I thank my colleagues.  