 President, here we go again, Mr. President. Another chapter in the never ending effort to reform the way we finance political campaigns.  I feel like I am driving a race car around a track and no matter how long and how far I drive, the checkered flag just never seems to come down. We never seem to reach the finish line. We are never able to finish what we start.  And, now, today, the question before us is whether we will even be allowed to start--whether we will even be allowed to debate the issue of campaign finance reform.  I have been on this track for almost 24 years now. One of the first things I did as a new Senator back in 1973 was to testify before the Senate Rules Committee on the need for campaign finance reform--on the need for spending limits and public funding of congressional campaigns; on the need for equal competition based on ideas, not money, between challengers and incumbents. Let me tell you, I did not make many friends.  But, I believed then--and I believe as strongly today--that campaign finance reform is the single most significant thing Congress could do.  The American people have come to believe the system has failed. The American people have lost faith in their leaders and in their Government. The American people feel alienated and distant from the very people who represent them.  There are several reasons for this. But, the biggest--and probably what all others boil down to--is the way we fund our elections: the influence of money; the influence of special interests; the influence of everyone, it seems, except the average middle-class American.  A middle-class American does not make a $1,000 contribution. A middle-class American does not hire a lobbyist to wander the Halls of the Capitol and make $5,000 campaign contributions. A middle-class American does not ask a Congressman to hand out campaign contributions on the floor of the House of Representatives.  No. A middle-class American walks into the voting booth on election day, if he or she has not been turned off by that time, and engages in the most important exercise in a democracy. He or she casts a ballot for a person to represent them.  But, when it is all said and done, many middle-class Americans feel that they are not being represented. They have become apathetic, cynical, and distrustful. And, I'm afraid this is not a whim or a passing feeling. It may be wrong in reality--it may be right--but it should not be taken lightly by those of us in Congress. There is a major crisis of confidence in the American electorate, and it puts at risk everything else we attempt to do. That is why I believe campaign finance reform is the crucial issue of our time.  So, Mr. President, our mission is clear. We must restore integrity and confidence in the political process. And, to do that, we must have comprehensive campaign finance reform.  Unfortunately, today, we are not even voting on a campaign finance reform bill. This is a vote on whether we will be allowed to vote on the bill. And, you wonder why the American people are so sick of this system.  The special interests have circled the wagons. They are on the warpath to kill campaign finance reform.  So, I implore my colleagues: stand today with the American people. Let us take up this bill--the first bipartisan campaign finance reform bill in nearly a generation. Let us debate the issue. And, let us decide the issue on the merits, not on inside-the-beltway maneuvering.  The American people demand no less.  