 He and I ride Amtrak a lot. When I leave my house in the morning, I commute every day. I have clean hands here; I have a naked self-interest. I ride Amtrak every day, OK, and have been doing it for 24 years. As my mother says, ``When you are hung by your thumbs long enough, you get used to it.'' I have been riding a long time.  Literally one of my rituals, I say to my friend from New Jersey, as I shave, I turn on the weather channel, because if airports are socked in, I will not get a seat on Amtrak. I better get to the station early. The converse of that is true. What happens if there is no place to go? Right now Amtrak ridership increases exponentially when there is bad weather because the airports are not flying, the airlines are not flying, or they are so delayed the business people and others cannot count on them.  The funding levels in this bill that delay the upgrade are adding to the cost of air pollution, wasted time in traffic, airport delays, highway and airport maintenance costs, and safety problems. Even more foolishly, Mr. President, by indefinitely delaying the completion of the Northeast corridor improvements, this bill will indefinitely delay the day when new high-speed transit--already ordered, already funded in the same legislation--will be able to go into full operation. Not only is this a pointless waste of the new equipment, but a false economy.  By postponing the day when full high-speed rail service becomes available between Boston and Washington, this bill means Amtrak will lose indefinitely the ability to generate profits, precisely the goals we have been told and we have told Amtrak they must, in fact, meet.  Once lost, these profits will never be made up. Every year without profits is another year Amtrak routes suffer and go further in the red ink, another year in which Amtrak will need operating subsidies from the Congress. Instead of committing to the investment now that will start generating this income, that could support other less profitable routes, this legislation guarantees that Amtrak will remain hobbled. So the consequence and impact will be thattrain that our friends from Texas--and I compliment them on their effort--are trying to maintain going into Texas will be lost, that train that the Governor of Montana wants to get back in Montana will not be able to be routed because it cannot sustain itself.  It is like the business of setting up electric and telephone service. It is not as profitable to run a line 8 miles down a road to a farm to light a farmhouse and a barn as it is to run a line a mile and a half into a neighborhood that has 450 homes. So what happens? The people who live in the 450-home neighborhood end up subsidizing the person who lives out there on the farm. That is what we are about as a Nation. That is why, for example, we subsidize water in the West. My mother pays her taxes and I pay my taxes in the East so that somebody else's mother can have a glass of water in Arizona or in southern California or in many of the Rocky Mountain area States that are fed by the Colorado River, and the billions of dollars we have spent on dams.  I do not complain about that. That is not a complaint. It is an observation. That is what we are supposed to do. We are one Nation. We are one Nation and different areas of the Nation have different needs. If the taxpayer of the United States stops subsidizing, or never subsidized in the first place, what was done to the Colorado River, there would not be 32 million people in California.  