President, I hope that this morning we will begin to draw to a close the Republican filibuster against comprehensive immigration reform. I have been encouraged that since our return to this legislation this month, the President has spoken out in favor of comprehensive immigration reform with an essential component being a realistic path to earned citizenship for those who work hard, pay their taxes, and contribute so much to our American way of life. When Republicans filibustered against two cloture votes last month, including one on a motion by the Republican Leader, I was disappointed. I had hoped we would recognize the lawful, heartfelt protests of millions against the harsh House-passed criminalization measures. While they waved American flags, some of those fueling anti-immigrant feelings burned flags of other countries. I hope that through this debate we have been able to convince enough Senate Republicans to join us in our efforts and to appreciate the contributions of immigrants to our economy and our Nation.  This bill is not all that it should be. Yesterday we short-circuited efforts to make it more flexible for those persecuted around the world. This country has had a history of being welcoming to refugees and those seeking asylum from persecution. Yesterday the Senate turned its back on that history by refusing to allow the Secretary of State the flexibility needed after restrictive language was added by the REAL ID Act to our laws. I hope Senators will reconsider these issues with more open minds and hearts and a fully understanding of the lives being affected. Sadly too, many were spooked by false arguments.  I have made no secret that I preferred the better outline of the Judiciary Committee bill. The bill the Senate is now considering is a further compromise. Debate and amendments have added some improvements and some significant steps in the wrong direction. Besides the failures yesterday to readjust its asylum provisions to take into account the realities of oppressive forces in many parts of the world, I was most disappointed that the Senate appeared to be so anti-Hispanic in its adoption of the Inhofe English amendment. Yesterday Senator Salazar andI wrote to the President following up on this provision and the comments of the Attorney General last week and weekend. We asked whether the President will continue to implement the language outreach policies of President Clinton's Executive Order 13166. A prompt and straightforward affirmative answer can go a long way toward rendering the Inhofe English amendment a symbolic stain rather than a serious impediment to immigrants and Americans for whom English is a second language. I ask consent that a copy of our letter be printed in the Record following my remarks.  