President, this is yet another amendment designed to undermine the well-balanced programs in this bill. The Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act is the product of hard-fought compromise and it reflects a balance between the needs of American business and American workers. Strong coalitions representing both of those sectors of our society supportthis bill and endorse the temporary worker program contained in it.  One critical provision in the bill creates an opportunity for temporary workers who have followed the rules and worked hard while in the U.S. to seek legal permanent status after a period of time. An employer who has come to rely upon an immigrant guest worker and wants to keep that immigrant on staff can file a petition after 1 year for the immigrant to get in line for a green card. The guest worker does not receive any preferential treatment in this program. He must get in the back of the line and meet all the other requirements to earn citizenship, a process that will likely take more than a decade to complete.  The Kyl amendment strips out this provision, taking away a valuable option for both the immigrants and their employers.  When a similar amendment was debated in the Judiciary Committee--and defeated, as I hope this one will be--the sponsor stated his belief that lower skilled immigrant temporary workers should have to leave the U.S. after a few years. High-skilled workers are not treated in this manner. H-1B visas holders have the opportunity to apply for green cards under current law. But some sponsors of this bill are willing to treat guest workers as second class.  This attitude is deeply disturbing. Lower skilled workers are essential to our economy and deserve to be treated with respect and dignity. Many of our great American leaders, scientists, artists, and teachers have immigrant roots of very modest means. Throughout this debate we have heard many Senators tell their personal stories. Almost all of these reflected early years of hardship and struggle while immigrant parents worked hard under very tough circumstances so that their children could have greater opportunities.  Not only is that attitude offensive to me, but it makes little business sense. Employers of immigrants in the sectors most likely to use these temporary workers, such as hotels and tourism, food service, health care, and meat packing, support the program in the bill. The National Restaurant Association has stated that the restaurant industry is expected to create almost 2 million new jobs by 2016. It expects this growth to outpace available labor. For reasons such as these, the business community, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and members of the Essential Worker Coalition support the bill, and strongly oppose this amendment.  Striking the path to citizenship measures in the guest worker program is also the wrong decision for national security reasons. One of the driving forces behind enacting a comprehensive reform program is to ensure that we know who is living and working within our borders. If there is no path available to those who seek it and can meet the tough requirements in the bill, then some guest workers will overstay their visas and continue to live and work in the U.S. out of status. That would put us back in the position we are in right now--the position that we all agree must be reformed.  In fact, the reason that guest worker programs have failed in the past is precisely because they did not contain an option for guest workers to apply to remain in the U.S. legally, if that is what they hope to do. Many guest workers will return home, but not all. We should ensure that the programs we define in law do not send immigrants back into the shadows.  Finally, I express my disappointment in hearing about the White House support of the Kyl amendment. I find it troubling that the White House would choose this amendment to fight so hard to pass. A tremendous amount of effort has been expended by many of us in the Senate, including a handful of determined Republicans, to preserve the core provisions of the bill. These committed supporters of the bill view the Kyl amendment as one that strikes to the core of the compromises contained in it. We would have benefited from the White House's involvement earlier in the process in a helpful way, but its choice to fight against comprehensive reform today is a grave disappointment.  I yield the floor.  