President, I rise in strong support of the amendment offered by the Senator from Michigan to provide $200 million in emergency humanitarian and reconstruction aid to Lebanese and Israeli civilians affected by the conflict between Hezbollah and Israel.  I commend Senator Stabenow for this amendment. If this conflict and the terrible loss of innocent lives and destruction of civilian infrastructure in Lebanon and Israel had occurred three months ago when we were debating the fiscal year 2006 emergency supplemental, there would have been no question that we would have included this aid.  To date, the U.S. Government has pledged $30 million in humanitarian aid to Lebanon. While welcome, this is only a tiny fraction of what is needed.  Over 900,000 Lebanese citizens--one in five--have fled their homes and are either displaced in Lebanon, living in schools and public buildings, or are refugees in Syria. Estimates are that 200,000 people are in immediate need of humanitarian aid including food, water, fuel, shelter and medical care.  Basic goods are in short supply and hospitals in the south of Lebanon are facing electricity and water shortages. Just getting access to people who are in the greatest need has been a difficult challenge for relief organizations.  The United Nations and the International Committee of the Red Cross have been doing their best to evacuate people and deliver medical supplies, shelter materials, and food to affected people in southern Lebanon.  Current estimates are that at least $300 million will be needed in the next 3 months to meet their basic needs.  The international community has pledged assistance, but if past practice is any indicator, pledges often do not turn into actual contributions.  This additional $200 million in humanitarian and reconstruction aid would demonstrate the commitment of the United States to help the innocent victims on both sides of this conflict.  The funds should be used by USAID's Office of Foreign Disaster Assistance and the State Department's Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration, which have already depleted much of their available funds and without this amendment will be forced to rob funds that are needed to respond to other humanitarian disasters--in Darfur, the Horn of Africa, and elsewhere.  I thank the Senator from Michigan for offering this amendment and urge its adoption.  