President, I thank my friend from Colorado and my friend from Alabama for their usual courtesy.  Over the last couple of weeks, the President, as Presidents do, used his pulpit to inform the Senate that his top priority was fixing the problem he created when he unilaterally proclaimed what laws govern military commissions. This newfound desire, this last-minute conversion to the idea of working with Congress, stands in stark contrast to his position in 2002, when a number of us, Republicans and Democrats alike, reached out to the administration and asked the President to work with us to establish the authority for fair and effective military commissions.  Four years later, after saying flat out, no, now the administration's go-it-alone plan has succeeded in having no terrorist military commission trials completed and no convictions. They are ``tough on terror,'' but nobody has been convicted.  Still, Congress set to work and the Armed Services Committee last week reported a bill that is supported by Republicans and Democrats to authorize military commissions. They worked with the professionals in the military, and listened to them. But this week the Senate Republican leadership has threatened to filibuster that bill, which came from a Republican-controlled committee and was voted for by both Republicans and Democrats.  I am a little bit confused. I have been here for 32 years, and I don't always follow exactly what is going on. But as I understand it, last week, the leadership was demanding immediate action on military commissions, saying they were going to be the Senate's No. 1 priority. All of a sudden, they are going to filibuster that. Just last year, the same leadership could not be more critical of what it called leadership-led partisan filibusters on the Democratic side. But apparently they are a great idea when led on the Republican side, even on legislation they supported--or said they did--in the present conference.  This week, the priority is a 700-mile fence along the southern border and a study to do the same thing along the northern border. It is getting hard to keep track of their real priorities.  In the Spring, the majority leader praised and voted for comprehensive immigration reform. The President supported it. The majority leader stood with Senators on both sides of the aisle and supported that bill. Now, he seems ready to throw our work over the side and abandon our principles.  If there is an opportunity for Senate floor time, why not use it instead to put an end to the ongoing war profiteering and contracting fraud in Iraq? Why not help those suffering from Hurricane Katrina? Why not pass a Federal budget? We are required by law to do that in April; it is now late September. Let's show the American people we will obey the law and pass one. Or we can consider the remaining appropriations bills; most have to be completed by next Saturday. Why not work on lowering health care costs? That would get a great cheer from everybody in my State. Or we can work on health insurance costs, fuel costs, or the rising costs of interest rates and mortgage rates.  The bill before us was rushed through the House of Representatives; it is not ready for consideration on the Senate floor. It has had no committee hearings whatsoever in the Senate. It is completely different than what the Senate passed, with Republicans and Democrats voting for it just a few months ago. I don't know why we could not have worked in the normal way we have done for a couple hundred years here and worked out the bills we had. Actually, this is an issue on which the President could be of help and show some leadership. He stated privately that he preferred the bill we passed, and it would be nice to hear him support it publicly.  Along with a bipartisan majority of Senators, I voted for a far more measured version of a physical barrier on the southern border. In doing so, we demonstrated our commitment to border security.  The Senate bill has a provision calling for 370 miles of fencing in the most vulnerable high-traffic areas. That is what the White House requested and recommended. That is what we were told the Secretary of Homeland Security wanted. It also had a provision, which makes a lot of sense, for consultation with the Mexican Government regarding any building of new fences to help ease the tensions that come along with such a project. We don't have an awful lot of friends around the world and we should not work to lose any friendships from our neighbors. In the Judiciary Committee, we also took into account the differences along the northern border and the very close working relationship and personal relationship with the Canadian Government, and kept out a study for a barrier on the northern border.  Look what we are debating today instead of all that. It is a hasty, ill-considered, mean-spirited measure that will cost taxpayers billions of dollars. America can do a lot better than this. A wall of this magnitude will be a scar on the landscape, a scar on a fragile desert ecosystem, and a scar on our legacy as a nation of immigrants. My grandparents were immigrants; my parents-in-law were immigrants. What does a 700-mile barrier wall say about us as a free country?  Most troubling, this bill would give the Secretary of Homeland Security unfettered power to decide what laws to follow, but even more important, what laws to totally ignore. Read the bill.  Remember, it is the same Department of Homeland Security that just last year was supposed to handle Katrina, one of the biggest governmental screw-ups in our lifetime. The Department of Homeland Security was supposed to have those people back a year later in their homes. Instead, we are spending billions of dollars, most of which have been wasted; it has disappeared. What we do see are homes intended for the victims of the Hurricane sitting in fields, empty and decaying.  This is the same Department of Homeland Security that has not managed to secure our ports, chemical plants, and our borders. It is the same Department of Homeland Security that the House of Representatives would entrust with unlimited power to ``take all actions the Secretary determines necessary and appropriate to achieve and maintain operational control over the entire international land and maritime borders of the United States.''  Mr. President, we don't create czars in this country. We fought a revolution to get out of the dictatorial control of King George. We have a constitutional form of government. We don't give one person the power to set aside any law they want.  I don't think any executive official, certainly not those who horribly mismanaged our preparation for Katrina and our response to it, should be givenone more blank check. How many more blank checks should we give away? We have already given them to Halliburton in Iraq. We have given them to the Department of Homeland Security for Katrina.  Remember how this administration misinterpreted the authorization for use of military force? We told them to get Osama bin Laden and they failed miserably, even when they had him cornered. Instead, they say: What we really meant was, not to get Osama bin Laden, but that the President can violate the FISA law and secretly wiretap Americans without a warrant. It is like ``Alice in Wonderland.''  This is the same President who signs a law with his fingers crossed behind his back and then issues a signing statement reserving to himself the power to decide what laws to follow, and how and when.  Remember the law against torture? We all voted for that legislation. The President signs a signing statement saying: However, I will determine how best to follow it.  This is the administration to which the Republican House wants to give a blank check, even after Justice O'Connor and the Supreme Court--the Supreme Court made up of seven Republicans out of the nine members--have reminded us our Constitution provides for checks and balances, not a blank check for the administration.  As I said, instead of doing the job we should do--sitting down, having a conference, working this out, and actually voting on this legislation--what do the Senate and House Republican leadership want to do? Just give all the power to a Republican appointee, and we can all go home and campaign for reelection. God bless America.  The only thing the House left out of its bill is calling this a war on immigrants in which they view Secretary Chertoff as the commander in chief. Actually, I would like to see him take care of the problems in this country, starting with Katrina.  Have the lives lost in Iraq and the billions of taxpayers' dollars unaccounted for, the tragedy of 9/11, and Katrina taught us nothing? Everything happened on this administration's watch: Iraq, 9/11, Katrina, and billions of tax dollars wasted trying to fix the messes they created. How many more disastrous mistakes must this administration make before even a Republican-controlled Congress recognizes that abdicating our constitutional role and concentrating power in the executive branch is the wrong strategy for protecting the security and rights of the American people? Do we need to create yet another environment for crony contractors of the Bush-Cheney administration to bilk taxpayers out of billions?  Five years of this administration's incompetence has left America's borders unsecured and our immigration system broken. We joined to pass a bipartisan Senate bill with tough, practical, comprehensive immigration reforms to secure the borders, enforce our laws, and fix our immigration system. We want to bring undocumented immigrants out of the shadows. They are not just numbers; they are actual, real people--mothers, fathers, husbands, wives, children. The President and his administration say that comprehensive immigration reform will make us safer. I agree with the President on this issue. President Bush told the American people he supports comprehensive immigration reform. I told the public I agreed with him. So now, if he wants comprehensive immigration reform, he has to tell the Republican leadership in Congress to stop obstructing it. They haven't even gone to a conference.  Nor do we need a study to determine whether we should build a barrier along the 3,175 miles of the United States-Canada border. Heavens to Betsy, most of us who live up there go back and forth all the time. We are visiting our relatives, visiting our cousins. I have been visiting my wife's relatives for years. When they come down, they are not terrorists, they are our neighbors whom we welcome to the United States. As I said before, and I will say again, I have heard some cockamamie ideas in my time in the Senate, but this rises to the top.  The northern border is different. It spans the continent. It is the world's longest and safest international boundary, and Canada is our most important trading partner. Have we gone blind? It is clear to me that those who want to build this barrier have no clue about the character, the history, and the day-to-day commercial importance of the northern border and the needs of the States and communities that would be affected. It is best to nip this foolishness in the bud before Congress wastes more tax dollars on another boneheaded stunt.  America can do better than this. The Senate has already pointed the way with a bipartisan, comprehensive approach. We need comprehensive reform that reflects America's values and which will actually work. The House bill we debate today will cost the taxpayers dearly, but it will accomplish little.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Martinez). The Senator from Alabama.  