President, I am pleased the Senate finally has an opportunity to consider the nomination of Kent Jordan of Delaware for a lifetime appointment to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judge Jordan is a well-qualified nominee with the support of both home State Democratic Senators, as well as that of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, whose State is within the Third Circuit. I support this nomination, and I will vote to confirm him.  I regret that the Republican leadership chose to eschew bipartisan discussion of nominations and unilaterally filed an unnecessary cloture vote on Judge Jordan's nomination, especially after we worked so hard to expedite it in September. We could very easily have voted on this in September instead of having this folderol of urgency now. Most of us wanted to vote on this weeks ago, and I am not sure what political last gasp is involved in saying we have to have cloture. That was never necessary.  I wish, instead, the leadership had followed the customary practice in the Senate of the Republican and Democratic leaders to have sat down with the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee and worked out a process to conclude the consideration of judicial nominations for this session. Had they done so, we could have capitalized on the hard work done by the chairman and the Judiciary Democrats to report consensus nominations. Instead--and I mention this to those from States such as Georgia and elsewhere--this is the only judicial nomination the Republican leadership has scheduled for consideration in months.  I mention this for my colleagues who might be from States that have some of these judicial nominees--apparently those from those States do not particularly care. I mention it in case anybody is reading the Record later on. I was going to suggest a way to get some of them, but there does not seem to be an interest in it, so I will not.  What they have left unexplained is why they refuse to go forward with the President's nomination of Judge Janet Neff from Michigan. The Federal court serving the Western District of Michigan has three Federal trial court vacancies that are judicial emergency vacancies three in one district. The Senators from Michigan have worked with the White House on the President's nomination of three nominees to fill these emergency vacancies. The Judiciary Committee has proceeded unanimously on all three.  Working with Chairman Specter, the Democratic members of the committee cooperated to expedite their consideration.  On September 16 we held a confirmation hearing for those three nominees on an expedited basis. Regrettably, the President waited until July to make these nominations. Had he acted sooner, as some of us suggested earlier this year, we would not be in this situation. From the beginning I have urged the President to work with us on consensus nominations, and I have worked hard to proceed. I continue to do so even at this late date in the session, in spite of the pocket filibusters employed by Republicans to stall and block more than 60 of President Clinton's qualified judicial nominees.  Democrats cooperated to expedite consideration of a number of matters and reported the three judicial nominees to fill the emergency vacancies in the Western District of Michigan on September 29. Regrettably the White House, Republican leadership, and objections by Republican Senators continued to undermine this process. Instead of focusing on consensus nominees, the President sent back to the Senate in September and, again, following the November election, highly controversial nominees who had been returned to the White House in the hope that the President would work with us on a bipartisan basis.  We have been accommodating, and we will continue to be. I urge all Democrats to vote for confirmation of Judge Jordan, as I will. But neither the Judiciary Committee nor the Senate should be a rubberstamp for this President or any President. We should be taking our constitutional responsibility to advise and consent seriously. These are the only lifetime appointments in the Federal Government, and they will have an enormous impact on the lives, the rights, and future of Americans.  We were accommodating when Judge Jordan was pending before the Judiciary Committee. I knew this nomination was from Chairman Specter's circuit, and I cooperated with his request for a special executive business meeting. We came to the meeting and made sure we had a quorum, even though the meeting was out of the normal course.  The chairman said that the meeting would be held to expedite consideration of noncontroversial nominees. I agreed to let the majority meet to hold over the nomination of Judge Jordan in order to expedite its consideration at our next meeting. In order to be more accommodating, I went further and continued to meet so that nominees of interest to Senator Grassley and Senator DeWine could be moved forward in the process as well.  The Democratic Senators on the Judiciary Committee and our staffs worked especially hard as time ran down in this Congress to be accommodating on judicial nominations. The chairman held four nomination hearings in September. Three of these hearings were for four nominees, an extraordinary number in one hearing, and the fourth was an unprecedented hearing for two nominees who had received ``not qualified'' ratings from the American Bar Association. This was a faster pace than is traditional for the committee so late in the session, particularly in an election year. It was a much faster pace than is ideal for careful consideration of lifetime appointments to the Nation's courts. But we nonetheless cleared nominees at this pace to be accommodating and to keep the nominations moving forward.  Sadly, rather than meet to work out a process to conclude the consideration of judicial nominations for this session, the Republican leadership has apparently made the unilateral decision to stall certain of these nominations, including those for the judicial emergencies in the Western District of Michigan, and particularly the President's nomination of Judge Janet Neff.  This fall, an editorial in the Richmond Times-Dispatch entitled ``No Vacancies,'' highlighted the administration's counterproductive approach to judicial nominations. The editorial criticized the administration before the November elections and before the President renominated those controversial choices, for failing to turn vacancies into judges and instead pursuing political fights. According to the Richmond Times-Dispatch:       The president erred by renominating . . . [Haynes] and may      be squandering his opportunity to fill numerous other      vacancies with judges of right reason.  The Richmond Times-Dispatch focused on the renomination of William James Haynes II to the Fourth Circuit. Of course Mr. Haynes has yet to fulfill the pledge he made to me under oath at his hearing to supply the materials he discussed in his opening statement regarding his role in developing the legal justifications and policies having to do with torture, detention and other matters.  The Richmond Times-Dispatch editorial could just as easily have been written about Judge Terrence Boyle, whom the President also renominated again to a seat on the Fourth Circuit. He did so despite the fact that as a sitting U.S. district judge and while a circuit court nominee, the President's nominee, Judge Boyle, ruled on multiple cases involving corporations in which he held investments. The President should have heeded the call of the North Carolina Police Benevolent Association or the North Carolina Troopers Association or the Police Benevolent Associations themselves from South Carolina and Virginia or the National Association of Police Organizations or the Professional Firefighters and Paramedics of North Carolina, as well as the advice of our former colleague, Senator John Edwards, to withdraw this ill-advised nomination and not renominate him. Law enforcement officers from North Carolina and across the country oppose the nomination. Civil rights groups oppose the nomination. Those knowledgeable and respectful of judicial ethics oppose this nomination. This nomination has been pending on the floor calendar in a Republican-controlled Senate for more than a year after being forced out of the committee on a solid party-line vote. The Senate actually did the President a favor by returning this nomination to the White House before the summer recess and again before the election. Republican Senators tell me they don't want to vote on this nomination, but the White House keeps sending it back up.  The President also squandered an opportunity to fill Idaho's vacancy in the Ninth Circuit by renominating William Gerry Myers III for that seat again in September and again after the November elections. This is another administration insider and lobbyist whose record has raised very serious questions about his ability to be a fair and impartial judge. I opposed this nomination when it was before the Judiciary Committee in March 2005. Actually, this was a nomination which the so-called Gang of 14 expressly listed as someone for whom they made no commitment to vote for cloture, and with good reason.  Mr. Myers' record as Solicitor General for the Department of the Interior suggests that he was part of a culture of corruption documented in the testimony of the Interior Department's inspector general, Earl Devaney, at a hearing of the House Government Reform Subcommittee on Energy. Listen to what the Inspector General in the Bush administration says about this Bush nominee. Mr. Devaney testified about a ``culture of managerial irresponsibility and lack of accountability'' at the upper levels of the Interior Department in which, ``[s]imply stated, short of a crime, anything goes at the highest levels of the Department of the Interior.'' He also testified, ``I have observed one instance after another when the good work of my office has been disregarded by the Department. Ethics failures on the part of senior Department officials--taking the form of the appearances of impropriety, favoritism and bias--have been routinely dismissed with a promise `not to do it again.''' Apparently, reading this record, it was done again and again.  While Mr. Myers' anti-environmental record is reason enough to oppose his confirmation, his connection to the ``culture of managerial irresponsibility and lack of accountability'' raises further concerns. But these are the kinds of judges who keep getting sent back to the White House when even a Republican-controlled Senate won't bring them up for a vote. You would think somebody at the White House would be listening when they say: We are trying to send you a signal. Don't keep sending them back.  In particular, questions remain about his role in authorizing a lawyer who worked for him, Bob Comer, to arrange a sweetheart settlement agreement for a politically well-connected rancher, Frank Robbins. Mr. Comer was found, in an investigation by the Department of the Interior's inspector general, to have been responsible for arranging the deal. Documents have come to light recently showing that Mr. Myers had been given materials about the deal, which certainly undermine his assertions made under oath that he was merely misled by Mr. Comer. If anyone sought to proceed to this nomination, then we would want to know a lot more about these new documents, and we would need to explore any connections to the lobbying scandals associated with the Interior Department and Republican lobbyist Jack Abramoff. Recent reports in the Denver Post raise additional questions about the thoroughness of what Mr. Myers told us since the report that Mr. Myers and Mr. Abramoff attended at least one party together has gone unrefuted and unexplained.  So it is particularly troubling to see Mr. Myers be nominated because the President squandered yet another opportunity to fill a vacancy. I had suggested he renominate Norman Randy Smith, a Republican nominee, for the vacancy created by the retirement of Judge Thomas Nelson from Idaho. Instead, the President has again nominated Judge Smith, but not to this seat. He has nominated him to a California seat of the Ninth Circuit, effectively stealing California's seat. That is wrong. I support the California Senators in their opposition to this. I had urged President Bush to resolve this impasse and turn Idaho's vacancy into a judge by withdrawing the controversial and tainted Myers nomination--tainted Myers nomination--and instead nominate Judge Smith for the Idaho vacancy to which he could be easily confirmed. Alternatively, he could have renominated them both but merely switched the vacancies for which they were nominated, thereby allowing the Smith nomination an opportunity to proceed.  In addition, the President has renominated, again, Michael Wallace to the vacant seat on the Fifth Circuit even though he received the first ABA rating of unanimously ``not qualified'' that I have seen for a circuit court nominee in a quarter of a century, from Republican and Democratic administrations. That in itself should have been enough of an embarrassment not to send the name back, especially when a Republican-controlled Senate did not bring it forth. Committee proceedings on this nomination detailed the significant concern raised by numerous jurists around the country regarding Mr. Wallace's judicial temperament, his lack of commitment to equal justice to the poor and minorities, his lack of tolerance, and his closemindedness. It detailed concerns from judges and lawyers that Mr. Wallace may not follow the law and is driven by his ``personal agenda.''  Of course, the troubling issues raised in the ABA's testimony echo significant concerns about Mr. Wallace's record on civil rights, his opposition to the Voting Rights Act, his support for tax exemptions for Bob Jones University, his opposition to prison safety regulations, and his attempt, as President Reagan's director of the board of the Legal Services Corporation, to undermine efforts to provide legal services to low-income clients. Don't they understand that even a rubberstamp Republican Senate which has gone along with just about everything this Bush administration has done had something in mind when they sent this nomination back to the White House? Instead, the White House sent it back.  Months ago--months--ago before the last recess, I was urging Senate action on nominees such as the Michigan District Court nominees and Judge Jordan, whom we have before us now. What little progress we might have made has been undone by some on the Republican side. I have been here 32 years. I have never seen anything with either Republican leadership or Democratic leadership with a judge like this who could have been easily passed--Democrats and Republicans supported him--months ago, and here we are stalled because nobody can figure out what to do the last few days of a session. Suddenly, it is like, My God, we have to have a cloture vote on him. We could have had 30 hours of debate afterwards, which I said let's not do, and we have a unanimous consent agreement that we would not. But to have gotten to a cloture vote on somebody who would have passed on a bed check vote months ago--well, if this is theater, it is theater of the absurd. If this is theater, it would close after opening night on Broadway or anywhere else.  This goes beyond a farce. And it is particularly ironic that after months of Republicans repeating a new mantra that every one of the President's nominees, whether qualified or not, whether engaged in conflicts of interest or not, whether found by their own peers to be not qualified or not, whether they are supported by home State senators or not, is entitled to a swift up-or-down vote, after we heard this over and over--guess what--it was Republican objections that stalled more than a dozen judicial nominees.  After the last working session in October, I learned that several Republicans were objecting to Senate votes on some of President Bush's own judicial nominees. This is theater of the absurd. You had Republicans on the campaign trail saying: Oh, my, God, those Democrats are holding up President Bush's poor nominees for these highly paid lifetime appointments. They are holding them up. And guess what happened. All these nominees of President Bush, we said: Fine, let's just pass them. We were told: Oh, can't do it. Can't do it because we have Republicans who put holds on them. Talk about having it both ways. Republicans hold up the judges so they can go on the campaign trail and say: Oh these terrible Democrats. They are holding up our judges. Oh, my heart cries for them.  In fact, according to press accounts, Senator Brownback had placed a hold on Judge Neff's nomination even though he raised no objection to the nomination when she was unanimously reported out of the Judiciary Committee. Later, without going through the committee, Senator Brownback sent questions to Judge Neff about her attendance at a commitment ceremony held by some family friends several years ago in Massachusetts. Senator Brownback spoke of these matters and his concerns on one of the Sunday morning talk shows.  So where is the consultation about this with the leaders of the committee? Where is the cooperation? Where is the working together? Where is the attempt to be uniters and not dividers? Where is the wonderful statement by the President, after he got shellacked in the last election, saying: We are going to work together. Where is the explanation why the Republican leadership has chosen not to proceed with the Neff nomination to a judicial emergency vacancy? Can it really be that her attendance at a commitment ceremony of a family friend failed some Republican litmus test of ideological purity, that her lifetime of achievement and qualifications are to be ignored and that her nomination is to be pocket-filibustered by Republicans like the 60 they pocket-filibustered of President Clinton's? Oh, goodness gracious.  The Republican approach to nominations, of using nominations to score political points rather than filling vacancies and administering justice, has led to a dire situation in the Western District of Michigan. Judge Robert Holmes Bell, Chief Judge of the Western District, wrote to me and to others about the situation in that district where several judges on senior status--one is over 90 years old--continue to carry heavy caseloads to ensure justice is administered in that district. In fact, Judge Bell is the only active judge. If it had not been for Republicans blocking President Bush's nominations, those vacancies would be filled.  Of course, this is not the first time Republicans objected to an up-or-down vote on judicial nominees. They objected and stopped up-or-down votes on more than 60 of President Clinton's judicial nominees. Last year, the President's nomination of Harriet Miers to a vacancy on the Supreme Court was stalled and withdrawn, not because a single Democrat in this body objected but because Republicans objected. Republicans questioned her qualifications, demanded answers about her work in the White House and her legal philosophy and, although Democrats said go ahead and give her a hearing, they then defeated her nomination without allowing a hearing.  With regard to judicial nominations, I do want to acknowledge the kind words of the majority leader, who noted before the October recess that we made ``tremendous progress'' in confirming qualified judicial nominees. By Senator Frist's count, the Senate ``has confirmed 88 percent of President Bush's judicial nominees, giving him the highest confirmation rate since President Reagan.'' He calculates that ``95 percent of all judgeships are filled, including more than 92 percent of all circuit court judgeships and more than 95 percent of all district court judgeships.'' He notes that the Senate has confirmed ``[n]early 160 nominees'' for judgeships under the 46 months of his leadership--160 in just 46 months. He leaves out the fact that 100 of the President's judicial nominees were confirmed during 17 months when the Democrats were in charge. Senator Daschle was leader, I was chairman of the committee, and ironically--I guess it is something that got overlooked because it doesn't fit in the campaign slogans--President Bush's judges moved much faster under Democratic leadership than they have under Republican leadership.  Likewise, Chairman Specter acknowledged before the recess that Democrats on the Judiciary Committee in the Senate have been extremely accommodating. I hope he doesn't get in trouble for that because his statements sharply diverged from the vitriolic attack the Republican National Committee made on me, personally. It went way beyond campaign rhetoric to flatout lies.  This year we have confirmed 31 judicial nominees so far. That far surpasses the total number of judges confirmed in the 1996 Congressional session, when Republicans controlled the Senate and pocket filibustered President Clinton's nominees. In that session, Republicans would not confirm a single appellate court judge--not one--and moved forward on only 17 district court judges all session. That was the only session of the Senate I can remember, in my 32 years, in which the Senate simply refused to consider appellate court nominations. That was part of their pocket filibuster strategy to stall and maintain vacancies so that a Republican President could pack the courts and tilt them decidedly to the right. In confirming eight circuit court judges so far this year, we have already confirmed more circuit judges than in 1996, 1997, 1999, and 2000.  We could have accomplished a lot more this year if the White House had sent over consensus nominations earlier in the year. Regrettably the administration concentrated on a few highly controversial nominees and delayed until recently sending other nominations and thereby prevented us from having the time to do any meaningful review. As I said before, we could have done the Jordan nomination before us now back in September instead of having this high drama.  If I were at all cynical--and we Vermonters are not, by nature--I would almost think this vote had been set up to distract the people from the fact that the Senate and House leadership have failed to figure out a way to get us out of this morass, after they failed to follow the law and pass a budget this year. They broke the law, didn't follow it, to pass a budget this year, even though they control both bodies of the Congress. Then they failed to pass our appropriations bills by the end of September, even though they are required to do so. Could it be that this nomination, this high drama of something that is going to pass unanimously, was brought up so maybe the press would be fooled into thinking that this was so important it might distract them from the fiasco from the fiscal train wreck they have got us into?  Even though this Republican controlled Congress has sent back a few of the most controversial nominations, the administration keeps sending them back. By contrast, there are six judicial emergencies still that have no nominee at all. Nor has President Bush fulfilled his solemn pledge to make a nomination for every vacancy within 180 days. Of the vacancies currently without a nominee, seven have been vacant for more than 180 days. An additional 14 of the pending nominees were nominated only after their vacancies had occurred for more than 180 days.  I want to note, again, so nobody will think that we even had to be taking the time here now: I support the confirmation of Judge Jordan. I helped expedite his consideration by the committee so we could vote on him nearly 3 months ago, in September. But we didn't in September. Of course, we didn't in October. We didn't in November. Here we are in December. But evenwith his confirmation, only 32 judicial nominees will have been confirmed in the last 12 months. Contrast that to the 17 months when Democrats were in charge of this body and I was chairman when we confirmed 100 judges. In the last two years of Republican control, with a Republican President and Republican Senate, we confirmed half of that, just 53 nominees. Think how much higher it could have been with some cooperation.  We have been accommodating, and we will continue to be, as we vote for confirmation of Judge Jordan today. But neither the Judiciary Committee nor the Senate should be a rubberstamp for the President. In case anybody is wondering, the Senate Judiciary Committee will not be a rubberstamp for this President or any President. Our success in this process depends on the White House sending consensus nominees, as opposed to the highly controversial nominees it sent the Senate repeatedly. I was encouraged by President Bush's pledge after the election to work with Congress in a bipartisan and cooperative way. But I was disappointed barely a week later when he broke that pledge and renominated a slate of his most controversial nominees who had failed to win confirmation, even under a Republican-controlled Senate. If they could not win confirmation when the Republicans were in control, my guess--I can't speak for other Senators--but my guess, with a Democratic chairman and Democratic-controlled Senate, they probably will not win confirmation there either. If they weren't good enough for the Republicans, they probably won't be good enough for the Democrats.  I am hopeful we can find a better approach in the 110th Congress. It starts with the President. If the President would consult with us and work with us to send consensus picks instead of failed controversial nominations for important lifetime appointments, we can make good progress filling vacancies.  We owe it to the American people. The American people do not want nominations to be about partisan politics but about Government responsibility to provide justice. The American people expect the Federal courts to be fair forums, where justice is dispensed without favor to anybody based on their political philosophy.  These are the only lifetime appointments in our entire Government. They matter a great deal to our future. Most of them will serve long after most of us in the Senate have left office; certainly after the President who nominates them has left office. I said over and over again, the Federal judiciary should not be an arm of the Democratic Party nor the Republican Party. Otherwise we lose all faith in the independence of the judiciary. Just as I have opposed those who call for the impeachment of judges when they disagree with a particular opinion or give speeches seemingly condoning violence against judges and their families, I, also, do not want to see a Federal judiciary politicized. I will continue, in the 110th Congress, to work with Senators from both sides of the aisle to ensure that the Federal judiciary remains independent and able to provide justice to all Americans.  I congratulate Judge Jordan and his family because I know he will be confirmed today.  I reserve the remainder of my time and I yield the floor.  