President, I am today introducing, with my friend from Pennsylvania, Senator Specter, and Senators Dorgan and Harkin, The Victim-Activated Landmine Abolition Act of 2006.  This legislation would prohibit the procurement of victim-activated landmines and other weapons that are designed to be victim-activated. It builds on a long history of leadership by the Congress on the issue of landmines, which indiscriminately kill and maim innocent people, as well as U.S. troops, around the world.  I will have another statement on this subject when we return from the August recess, but I want to make a couple of points today.  First, Senators should know that since 1997 when an international treaty banning the manufacture, use, export and stockpiling of antipersonnel landmines was initialed at Ottawa, 154 nations have signed and 151 have ratified the treaty.  This is an extraordinary achievement, for which Lloyd Axworthy, Canada's Foreign Minister at the time, and the International Campaign to Ban Landmines deserve enormous credit. Unfortunately, the United States is not a signatory to the treaty and at one time even worked against it.  Thanks to the treaty, the manufacture and export of antipersonnel landmines has decreased significantly, and the number of victims has also declined. But mines continue to be a weapon of choice, especially for rebel groups such as the FARC in Colombia and Hezbollah in Lebanon.  Second, the United States has not exported antipersonnel mines since 1992, produced antipersonnel mines since 1997, or used anti personnel mines since 1991. This is not a weapon we need.  Moreover, for the past decade the Department of Defense has been developing alternatives to landmines. The goal has been to replace mines that cannot distinguish between an enemy combatant and a U.S. soldier, an innocent child, a farmer or a refugee.  That program has produced man-in-the-loop technology that is ready to be deployed in a new generation of mines that are not victim-activated.  I have long supported this program and I commend the Department of Defense for its support for the development of this technology. I believe it will provide the U.S. military with the force multiplier and protection afforded by conventional landmines without impeding the mobility of our troops or endangering innocent civilians. It will enable the military to finally stop using or stockpiling victim-activated landmines that have no place in the arsenal of a civilized nation, much less the world's only superpower.  As we see daily in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Lebanon, civilians bear the brunt of wars today. They do not have body armor or armored vehicles. They are routinely caught in the crossfire. At any moment they are at risk of being killed or maimed by a landmine or other improvised explosive that lies in wait until triggered by whoever steps on it or drives over it.  I want to emphasize that the need for this legislation is not because the United States is causing the mine problem. It is not. As I mentioned, we have not used or exported antipersonnel mines for 15 years, despite fighting wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. We are also the largest contributor to humanitarian demining in countries that have been severely affected by mines, and we support programs to assist mine survivors.  But just as a solution to the Middle East conflict depends on the active, sustained engagement and leadership of the United States, so does the problem of landmines.  As was the case with poison gas more than half a century ago, the solution to the mine problem is the stigmatization of these indiscriminate weapons so the political price of using them serves as a deterrent. Will some rebel groups or rogue nations continue to defy the international norm? Undoubtedly. But by setting an example and using our influence we can reduce their numbers significantly to the benefit of our troops and the innocent.  I again want to thank my friend Senator Specter, who has supported legislation to ban landmines for more than a decade.  