President, I oppose the Cornyn amendment because I believe it undermines the careful balance between American workers and business that is contained in the bill.  The Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act, S. 2611, allows guest workers under the new H-2C visa to work initially on a temporary visa and to apply later for a green card if their work is needed over a long period of time. Under the program, after 1-year the employer of the immigrant guest worker could petition for a green card. Alternatively, after 4-years the immigrant guest worker could petition on his or her own for permanent resident status.  The Cornyn amendment would strike the right of immigrant guest workers to self-petition. This is a dangerous proposal. One of the reasons that guest worker programs have failed in the past is that prior programs did not provide labor rights to the temporary workers. By placing the rights of petition exclusively in the hands of employers, unscrupulous actors have the ability to manipulate or abuse workers by controlling the workers' access to legal immigration status.  The bill before us is a compromise package that seeks to balance the rights of American business and labor, and that enhances our economy and national security by bringing illegal workers out the shadows. The balance depends in part on treating all workers equally, including giving immigrant workers the same labor rights that are available to U.S. citizens. If all workers possess the same rights, then employers cannot depress wages by preying on illegal workers, or workers whose status is held hostage by their employers. The business community understands this issue and therefore the Essential Worker Coalition, a broad coalition of employers and associations calling for comprehensive immigration reform, is opposed to the Cornyn amendment.  Under the bill, immigrants who decide to self-petition will have to meet all of the other requirements for a green card. In the new guest worker program, these requirements include a work requirement, passing security and background checks, demonstrating that the immigrant is learning English and civics, and undergoing medical exams.  The self-petition provision in the bill is not a backdoor or a short cut to citizenship. It should not be stricken by the Cornyn amendment.  