 Today's vote marks another stage in reauthorizing the USA PATRIOT Act. Our goal has always been to mend the PATRIOT Act, not to end it. To that end we passed a bipartisan bill with better provisions last July after it was unanimously reported by the Judiciary Committee. I appreciate the kind words of the Senator from Utah. He voted for that bill. I voted for that bill. The distinguished chairman of the committee, Senator Specter, voted for the bill. We have all been chairman of that committee. The bill came here to the floor of the Senate, and the Senate voted it out unanimously. That was a good bill.  Then the House-Senate conference was hijacked. Democratic conferees were excluded at the request of the Bush-Cheney administration, and congressional Republicans wrote the bill. I worked to get that process and the bill back on track and, working with Chairman Specter, we were able to make some progress and get some helpful additions and changes. But the conference report that was insisted upon by the Bush-Cheney administration and passed by Republican leaders through the House was still flawed.  Last December, I worked with a bipartisan coalition of Senators to oppose final passage of that conference report and create some additional opportunities for improvements. That led to the Sununu bill which is in essence an amendment to the conference report. I supported Senator Sununu's efforts and praised him for it and those who worked with him. I voted for that bill. It contained some of the improvements I had pushed for. Our efforts to protect libraries from national security letters was very important to me. That is why I supported Senator Sununu's bill in spite of the worsening of the gag rule provisions insisted upon by the Bush-Cheney administration.  Now we turn to the conference report. Even with the Sununu bill, which I support, the conference report has not been improved sufficiently for me to support it. Just as I opposed it last December, I continue to oppose it. The bill that the Senate will adopt today falls far too short and impinges too greatly on the liberties of Americans.  The Founders made a profound choice when they framed the fourth amendment to our Constitution as a measure to ensure the right of the people to be secure. The word they used was ``secure.'' The fourth amendment is, of course, about guaranteeing our privacy rights and the requirement of the judicial check on the Government invading our homes, our papers, and our effects. The Founders saw that as the right to be secure. As the Constitution and the Bill of Rights were written so carefully, every single word holds meaning. They saw a right to be secure, and so do I. I believe that Americans' security includes our national security, our security from terrorism, and also our right to be secure as Americans. That means exercising the liberties and rights and freedoms that define us across the world uniquely as Americans.  I do not believe this bill achieves the balance that we could have and shouldhave achieved. The final product would have been better had the Bush-Cheney administration and congressional Republicans not insisted on locking Democrats out of the negotiations throughout the process.  Still this bill, through our efforts, in some ways represents an improvement. It has better sunshine and reporting provisions. I worked hard to include these new provisions because sunshine, coupled with sunset provisions, adds up to more accountability in the use of these Government powers. But some key provisions remain significantly flawed.  I respect those who conclude that on balance the bill's virtues outweigh its vices. And it has both. But I believe we can and should do better. I believe America can do better.  I am one who worked diligently on the original PATRIOT Act in the days following the attacks of 9/11. I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee. We moved it through in record time. I also voted to reauthorize and improve a bipartisan version of the act back in July of 2005. I joined with Senator Sununu in leading the effort to ensure that the provisions did not expire when we reached an impasse last fall.  In the PATRIOT Act, we provided important and valuable tools for the protection of Americans from terrorism, and I have worked and voted to preserve them. But I am disappointed that this conference report represents a missed opportunity to get it right, to recalibrate the balance better, to respect the liberties and rights of Americans while protecting us from those who threaten harm.  I am concerned, as all Americans are, with our security. The Presiding Officer and I and thousands of others come to work every day in a building that was targeted for destruction by al-Qaida. I cannot think of anything I will do in my life that makes me more proud than to be in the Senate and come in this building every day. But I want this building secure for you, for me, and for everybody who works here. I know what it means to be targeted. I was a target of a letter laced with deadly anthrax. I was supposed to open it. A couple of innocent postal workers who touched the outside of the envelope died before it reached me, and it was stopped before it got to my desk. It doesn't hit much closer to home than that.  Many of us recall Benjamin Franklin's wise counsel. He was a man involved in a revolution against King George III. Had that revolution failed, he and his compatriots would have been hanged. When he was working to form a government that would respect liberty and protect people, he cautioned that those who would give up essential liberties for temporary security deserve neither liberty or security.  More than 200 years later, we should listen to Benjamin Franklin. We have to preserve our essential liberties or we do not preserve what makes us Americans.  The seriously bad parts of this bill are made unacceptable because we currently have an administration that does not believe in checks and balances and prefers to do so many things in secret. We now see the Bush-Cheney administration seeking to twist the authorization for use of military force against al-Qaida into a justification for the secret, warrantless wiretapping of Americans' e-mails and telephone calls. We see them claiming that they need not fulfill their constitutional responsibility to faithfully execute the laws but can pick and choose among the laws they decide to recognize. Even the Attorney General writes to the Judiciary Committee saying their position on the law evolves. I did not realize there were such legislative Darwinists in this administration that they believe so strongly in evolution when it suits their purpose.  Legislative action should be the clear and unambiguous legal footing for any Government powers. These matters should be governed by law, not by whim or some shifting conception of the President's inherent authority that is exercised in secret. Confronted with this administration's unique claims of inherent and unchecked powers, I do not believe the restraints we have been able to include in this reauthorization of the PATRIOT Act are sufficient.  I will continue to work to provide the tools that we need to protect the American people. I trust that Vermonters will understand that while I have repeatedly voted to extend and reauthorize the PATRIOT Act, this permanent measure falls short of what they deserve.  I will continue to work to provide the oversight and checks needed on the use of Government power. I know the Senate is going to adopt this measure now, but it is a pale shadow of what it could have been had the administration not stepped in and told the leadership in the House and the Senate that they had to get in line and do what the administration wanted, not what an independent Congress should do. It is not the best that the greatest democracy on Earth deserves. I will keep fighting for us to do better.  I will continue to work to improve the PATRIOT Act, and I will work to provide better oversight over the use of national security letters and to remove the un-American restraints on meaningful judicial review. I will seek to monitor how sensitive personal information from medical files, gun stores, and libraries is obtained and used. I will join Senators Specter, Sununu, Craig, and others in introducing a bill to improve the PATRIOT Act and reauthorization legislation in several important respects. Much is left to be done.  If Senators work together, much can be accomplished. We will be a more secure Nation if we do, and also our liberties will be more secure. Certainly, we owe that to the next generation, to protect the liberties so many other generations have fought to provide for us.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  