President, I support reauthorization ONDCP and passage of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006. This bill recognizes and strengthens the Office of National Drug Control Policy as the lead agency in the fight against illegal drug use. It also includes important modifications and clarifications that will improve the lives of all Americans by reducing the presence of drugs in our society. I am very pleased that five of my recommendations to improve the bill are included in this legislation.  I commend Senator Biden, who has long been a leader in the fight against illegal drugs, and Chairman Specter, the lead sponsor of this legislation. The authorization for ONDCP expired 3 years ago, and it is long passed time for Congress to act. Illegal drug abuse, drug addiction, and drug-related violence continue to exact an enormous toll on our society. Nationwide, drug abuse kills 52,000 Americans each year, and more than 20,000 Americans will die as a direct consequence of illegal drug use this year alone. Drug abuse costs our society nearly $116 billion annually. It has strained the capacity of our criminal justice system and our medical facilities and brought violence and tragedy to families, schools, and communities throughout the country.  This bipartisan legislation will reauthorize ONDCP for 5 years and provide ONDCP with the necessary tools and resources to develop a national drug control policy and coordinate and oversee the implementation of that policy.  This legislation includes a number of reforms that provide clarification concerning the most significant objectives and duties of ONDCP. It allows Congress to be vigilant in our oversight by requiring the President to submit to Congress a yearly national drug control strategy, expanding ONDCP's reporting requirements to Congress on numerous areas of ONDCP responsibility; requiring ONDCP to give a full accounting of the budget; and requiring ONDCP to develop a new performance measurement system that includes 2-year and 5-year targets for each of the strategy's objectives.  In addition, this legislation improves essential information sharing by requiring that various Government agencies, including the Attorney General, the Department of Homeland Security, and the Departments of Agriculture and Defense, submit to ONDCP and Congress reports relating to their agencies' drug control efforts.  I want to take a moment and address several specific provisions. First, as a strong supporter of the National Guard, I am pleased that this legislation authorizes $30 million a year for the Chief of the National Guard to establish five National Guard Counterdrug Schools to train personnel from Federal agencies, State, and local law enforcement agencies, community-based organizations, and other groups in drug interdiction and demand reduction activities.  I am pleased that this legislation will require greater diligence on methamphetamine. The bill calls for the creation of a National Methamphetamine Information Clearinghouse, an idea which I have long supported, including cosponsoring legislation to set up the clearinghouse. This toll-free number and Web-based source of information will promote sharing of ``best practices'' regarding law enforcement, prevention, treatment, environmental, social services, and other programs related to combating the scourge of methamphetamine.  I am pleased that this legislation embraces a comprehensive policy that reduces the demand, as well as supply, of drugs. It reduces the demand for drugs by ensuring that programs to expand access to drug treatment are adequately supported in the Federal drug control budget and by providing greater uniformity and accountability in assessing ONDCP's effectiveness in drug treatment programs. On the supply side, the bill takes steps to disrupt markets at home and abroad. It requires ONDCP to develop comprehensive strategies to address the severe threats posed by South American heroine and drug smuggling across the southwest border.  This legislation also includes a good provision by Senators Levin and Hatch that amends the Controlled Substances Act to raise the number of opioid addicted patients a physician may accept from 30 to 100. In the last 5 years, the number of heroin-related arrests and the number of people seeking treatment for heroin use in Vermont has more than doubled. This provision will expand treatment options for thousands of patients who have been denied access to critical addiction treatments in Vermont and across the country.  I am also pleased that the bill includes several of my recommended improvements. I continue to support the National Youth Anti-Drug Media Campaign, but I want to make sure that the campaign is run in a way that uses funds efficiently and gets out its antidrug message effectively. I therefore recommended inclusion of comprehensive standards for evaluating what type of media campaigns and information are effective, as well as a prohibition on the expenditure of antidrug media campaign funds for political purposes.  The campaign will be better for these changes, as well as the legislation's additional step of creating an independent agency to conduct annual evaluations of effectiveness. The bill also adopted my recommendation to eliminate two unnecessary provisions which could also hinder international diplomacy and drug control efforts.  I continue to have concerns about the safety and predictability of mycoherbicides against drug crops. While this bill only calls for a scientific study on the use of mycoherbicides, I am pleased that the bill includes my recommendation to prohibit testing in any foreign countries. I believe this provision will prevent souring diplomatic relations between the United States and countries around the world.  I am disappointed that my recommendations to remedy a few weaknesses in the bill were not adopted. Among other issues, I am concerned by provisions that prohibit the expenditure of more than 5 percent of the Federal funds appropriated for High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area Programs for drug prevention programs and that prohibit the use of any Federal HIDTA funds to establish new or expand existing drug treatment programs. The State, local, and Federal law enforcement officials in the HIDTA Program should have the discretion to use the programs that work best in their areas.  I am also troubled that the Bush administration and the Republican Congress have not sufficiently addressed the international drug trade, particularly the rising instability in opium production in Afghanistan. Three months ago, the United Nations released a report concluding that opium cultivation is surging in the southern region of Afghanistan and warned that the southern region was verging on collapse. Just this past weekend, the Washington Post also reported that opium production in Afghanistan reached a historic high in 2006, despite ongoing eradication efforts. These reports are particularly troubling considering that this administration has increasingly described the drug trade as a problem that rivals the Taliban and threatens to derail the stability and reconstruction of Afghanistan.  While I applaud this bill's inclusion of a provision that requires the ONDCP to submit to Congress a comprehensive strategy that addresses the increased threat from Afghan heroin, I fear that this provision may not go far enough. Afghanistan provides more than 90 percent of the world's heroin. Without seeking accountability from the President, the State Department, and the Attorney General on the rise of Afghan heroin, we cannot sufficiently discharge our duty to address the international supply of heroin.  Nevertheless, I am confident that this legislation will strengthen ONDCP, its component programs, and our national comprehensive antidrug effort. This legislation balances the goals of drug enforcement and prevention, while providing Congress with additional oversight tools. I support its passage.  