President, I thank the distinguished senior Senator from Montana for his comments. I should note that from the first day Senator Specter and I started talking about this legislation, the distinguished Senator from Montana was there visiting with us. He made it very clear he wanted to make sure that whatever we passed took care of what is an extraordinary and unique situation in Libby, MT. His help and his counsel have been extraordinarily important throughout.  We had so much testimony that said the same thing, that said the current system for compensating asbestos victims is broken. Victims are dying. Ironically, they are dying while they are waiting for their day in court--a day that will not come. Even for those who finally receive their day in court, they often receive only a small percentage of the costs involved in our tort system. Of course, if the defendant has been forced to file for bankruptcy, or decided to file for bankruptcy, these victims receive little or no compensation.  I think, as both Chief Justice Rehnquist and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg have said, this cries out for a solution outside of the court system that streamlines the claims process for victims, to make sure they receive timely and fair compensation relative to the severity of their injuries. That will protect compensation they receive from subrogation by insurance companies.  Actually, we find from the most recent RAND study asbestos victims receive an average of only 42 cents for every dollar spent on asbestos litigation. What may surprise some, 31 cents of every dollar goes to defense costs. A somewhat smaller amount, 27 cents, goes to plaintiffs' attorneys and other related costs. All that is eaten up before the victim, the one suffering, sees anything.  I think the enactment of a medical criteria bill, such as the amendment the distinguished Senator from Texas, Mr. Cornyn, has proposed, for asbestos would fail to reduce the high transaction costs of the asbestos tort system.  Medical criteria bills do nothing to protect businesses from going bankrupt or victims who were injured by bankrupt companies to receive fair compensation.  The plain fact--the plain and easy fact--is many of these asbestos manufacturers are in bankruptcy proceedings and, therefore, are immune from suit. Victims, such as our Nation's veterans, are unable to recover for asbestos exposure while serving their country in the current tort system. Think of that, our veterans.  We received the following testimony from Hershel Gober, the national legislative director of the Military Order of the Purple Heart. He said:       We believe the compensation fund approach is the only      solution that will provide veterans suffering from asbestos-     related illnesses with fair [with fair] and certain      compensation.  But he also pointed out:       The avenues open to veterans to seek compensation through      the tort system, however, are very limited. The Federal      government, as the members of this Committee know, has      sovereign immunity, thereby restricting veterans' ability to      recover from the government; and most of the companies that      supplied asbestos to the Federal government have either      disappeared or are bankrupt and, therefore, are only able to      provide a fraction of the compensation that should be paid to      asbestos victims, if anything at all.  This distinguished veteran went on to say:       Even if there is a solvent defendant company for a veteran      or his/her family to pursue, there remains the lengthy,      costly, and uncertain ordeal of filing a civil lawsuit and      going through discovery and trial, where the plaintiff bears      a heavy burden of proof and often has the very difficult to      impossible task of establishing which defendant's product      caused their injuries.  Criteria bills, such as that of the distinguished Senator from Texas, will do nothing to compensate victims such as our Nation's veterans who are injured by bankrupt companies during their service to our great country. Legislation imposing medical criteria on the tort system is inherently unfair to victims. These measures don't alleviate the delays victims face when they are confronted with overwhelmed court dockets. Criteria bills, such as the Cornyn amendment, allow defendants and insurers to enjoy the delays of litigation and maintain all of their defenses in the tort system. They are far away from streamlining a procedure to help people who are sick and dying, and they impose new hurdles for plaintiffs and continue to require the identification and proof of the manufacturer or entity responsible for exposing them to asbestos decades ago.  In contrast, the bill Senator Specter and I have brought to the floor will not require victims to identify and prove the manufacturer or entity that exposed them to asbestos. They only have to show the suffering they have had from asbestos. They will not have to hope that the entity responsible for their exposure is still in existence or financially solvent. They will recovercompensation under the fund in proportion to their impairment or disease. The current system for compensating victims of asbestos exposure is inefficient and inequitable.  This medical criteria amendment is not a solution. It actually operates within that same broken tort system.  I could go further, but I know the distinguished chairman hopes we will come to a point where we can vote. I would note that this amendment will preempt the silica claims of thousands of victims. I understand that the AFL-CIO and other labor unions representing thousands of workers, like this distinguished veterans association, oppose the Cornyn amendment.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  