President, today we heard the sad news of the death of Dana Reeve. My wife Marcelle and I got to know, first, Christopher Reeve, who often traveled to Vermont. We met with him there, did things with him there, and with members of his family; and then, subsequently through Chris, with Dana Reeve. We know they had only been married for 3 short years when Christopher Reeve had a terrible accident which left him paralyzed from the neck down.  Like so many of the friends of both of them, we saw how Dana kept by his side. They raised their young son, she encouraging Chris at every step along the way.  It was my privilege to see and be with the two of them many times throughout that, as she helped him with his foundation, to help those with spinal cord injuries. And I heard him say so many times he could not have possibly done this without her steadfast help.  She said at one point that she learned that life does not take the turns you might think it would but that she would continue to stay with Chris and help him.  I remember when the sad time came for the end of his life, and the funeral and the eulogies and discussions that I had with her after that, and her commitment to go forward to help with the foundation and to raise their son.  Then, with the stunning news just a few months ago that she had lung cancer, in typical fashion, she said she felt she could beat that and would do--she had the best doctors--all the steps possible. Then in the last few days she got more and more ill. And, of course, today we received the news she had died.  I think of her talking about her years at Middlebury College in Vermont, going to Vermont with Chris--the two of them giving us so much.  A devoted wife and mother, a talented singer and actress, a determined and dedicated activist, Dana Reeve was the embodiment of grace and courage in the face of so many staggering challenges.  A graduate of Vermont's Middlebury College, Dana pursued both acting and singing, appearing on television programs, on Broadway, and on other stages across the country. When she married Christopher Reeve, a dear friend of so many of us across this land, she could not know what direction her life would take.  I first met Chris in the 1980s and had the good fortune of spending time with him in my home State of Vermont. Over the years, Marcelle and I came to count Chris among our friends. I am privileged to say that Dana became a dear friend of ours as well.  When tragedy struck Chris and Dana's lives in 1995, just 3 short years after their marriage, Dana's love and courage became the focal point of so many stories. Left a quadriplegic in a tragic equestrian accident, Chris repeatedly credited Dana's constant care, companionship, and love with bringing him out of shadowy sadness he felt in the first months after the accident. Together they opened the Christopher and Dana Reeve Paralysis Resource Center, designed to teach paralyzed people to live more independently. They also chaired the Christopher Reeve Paralysis Foundation, which provides funds for research on paralysis.  When Chris died in 2004, Dana--her courage never wavering--assumed the foundation's chairmanship, and she came to the Halls of Congress to make the case for easing the restrictions on stem cell research. Her unrelenting efforts to improve the quality of life for sufferers of paralysis have led to the distribution of more than $8 million in grant funding to support programs designed to improve the daily lives of paralyzed people. Despite being diagnosed with lung cancer in 2005, Dana continued her advocacy efforts. In 2005, the American Cancer Society named her Mother of the Year.  Both Chris and Dana instilled in so many a hope and inspiration that can only come from conquering adversity. Their generous, vibrant, and compassionate souls have touched an entire nation. Their young son Will will no doubt look to that strength as he continues through life. Two years ago, I mourned the loss of my friend, Chris Reeve. Today, I join so many in mourning the loss of Dana, his inspiration, and ours as well.  It is sad when two good people like this are taken so early. I know I speak for so many tens of thousands of their friends not just around this country but around the world.  