President, I strongly oppose the amendment offered by Senator Menendez to drastically cut the base allocation of Homeland Security grants for all States.  I heard the statement of the distinguished Senator from Maine, Senator Collins. I associate myself with her words. She has stated it far more eloquently than I as to why this amendment should be defeated.  The Senator from New Jersey has the right concerns about the administration's underfunding of first responder assistance programs. His concerns are absolutely right. I happen to agree with him on those. But he has chosen the wrong target to try to fix that problem.  Senator Menendez and his cosponsors are understandably outraged over how threat-based Homeland Security grants were recently distributed. If it were not so serious a situation, the recent explanation by Homeland Security officials and how they distributed these funds would be laughable. We are not debating the competence of Homeland Security. If we were, we would hear all the statements of Homeland Security that if there is a sudden terrorist attack, they are ready; had there been a sudden terrorist attack with no notice at all on New Orleans last year, they are ready to do everything possible to help the people. Of course, when they had a week's notice before Hurricane Katrina, they still have not responded. It is not their competence we are debating.  Yesterday, the Senate once again attempted to correct the Bush-Cheney administration's woefully inadequate request for Homeland Security. Unfortunately, the amendment of the Senator from New York, Senator Clinton, to restore $750 million for first responders' assistance, was defeated. I had voted for that. I am sure the Senator from New Jersey did.  Now we come to this amendment that purports to correct the blunders of the Homeland Security threat assessments by slashing the base amounts to every single State in the country. Unfortunately, as the Senator from Maine has rightly pointed out, this amendment does pit State over State in how to divide inadequate overall funding for Homeland Security.  That is not the way to correct the incompetence of the Department of Homeland Security's determination of how to allocate grants based on risk. It is the right issue; it is the wrong solution.  When the Senate last year considered a similar amendment proposing this misplaced change in support for first responders, the Senate soundly rejected it with 65 of our colleagues voting against it. The terrorist attacks of September 11 added to the responsibilities and risk of first responders nationwide.  I wrote the all-State minimum formula as part of the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 to guarantee each State receives less than 1 percent--actually 0.75 percent of the national allotment to help meet the national domestic security needs. Every State, rural or urban, small or large, has basic domestic security needs and deserves to receive Federal funds to meet these needs and the new Homeland Security responsibilities the Federal Government demands. Large urban areas and high-risk areas have even greater needs, and they should be addressed. Both should be addressed.  I don't mean to be parochial, but my little State of Vermont, the second smallest State in the Union, is a State that borders another country. We are a State with a nuclear reactor. We have been called upon by the Federal Government to help out on border security, to help out because we are in a direct line from Canada down to two very large urban areas--Boston and New York. We are constantly getting requests to help. Our little State of 660,000 people, loyal Americans all, wants to help every way we can, but we are saying if we are asked to help out a whole lot of other States, at least let us have some basic help. Whether it is going to require us to put in new radio systems, telecommunications systems, or anything else, to protect not just us but to help protect other urban areas, let us do it.  I would remind everybody, when we had the tragedy of 9/11, for weeks after that happened, the air support over New York City, the armed response, the F-16s flying over New York City were flying out of Burlington, VT. Vermont provided people from our military, from our law enforcement, from everywhere else. We did not ask to be reimbursed, even though it cost us a lot. We responded within an hour. And it was the Green Mountain Boys who flew over New York City, providing that security at a time when nobody knew if there was going to be another attack. They did it around the clock. They did it with people canceling vacations.  We had one mechanic driving down the interstate with his family on their way to their vacation. He was a mechanic for the Air National Guard. He heard on the radio about the attack, and at the first place he could do a U-turn on the interstate, he did. He headed back. He told his wife and kids: Drop me off here; they are going to need me. I will call you when I get my first break.  And 3 days later, when he had an hour's break, he called and said: Send me some clean clothes. Don't take me home. Go back to your vacation. Send me some clean clothes. He kept on working.  Now, every State would have done the same. We respond. But if you pit States against each other, that ignores the real problem. The real problem is the administration has failed to make first responders a high enough priority. Congress, instead, should be looking to increase the overall Federal commitment to the Nation's first responders. We have plenty of money to spend on Iraq's first responders. Let's spend some of that money on the first responders of the United States.  The smaller States, especially, would never be able to fulfill those essential duties on top of their daily responsibilities without Federal support. My colleagues should be warned that if the minimum drops any further--and you compound that by the substantial drops in overall first responder funding--then small- and medium-sized States will not be able to meet those Federal mandates for terrorism prevention, preparedness, and response. Again, if we can send money to Iraqi first responders, let's find the money for American first responders.  After the terrorist attacks of September 11, we worked together in the Senate--Republicans and Democrats alike, from large States and small States, and we have done it with the other body--to meet the needs of all State and local first responders from rural and urban areas. Our fire, police, and rescue teams in each State in the Nation deserve support in achieving the new homeland security responsibilities the Federal Government demands.  The taxpayers in my State never questioned the fact that we would help in the disasters of Katrina or the disasters of 9/11. All States were in this together. But representatives of urban areas have been arguing that Federal money to fight terrorism is being sent to areas that do not need it, that it is being ``wasted'' in small towns. They have called the formula highly politicized and insisted on the redirection of funds to urban areas that they believe face heightened threat or terrorist attacks.  What critics of the all-State minimum seem to forget, though, is that since 9/11, the American people have asked all State--all State--and local first responders to defend us as never before on the frontlines in the war against terrorism--a war that will not end in my lifetime or the lifetimes of the other Members of this body.  Vermont's emergency responders have the same responsibilities as those in any other State to provide enhanced protection, preparedness, and response against terrorists. We have to ensure that adequate support and resources are provided for our police, our fire, and our EMS services in every State, if we expect them to continue protecting us from terrorists or responding to terrorist attacks, as well as carrying out their routine responsibilities.  I understand the concerns of my friend from New Jersey. He is an extraordinarily able Senator, as he wasan extraordinarily able Member of the other body. I have enjoyed our friendship, and I have enjoyed the fact that we have worked together many times. But I would say to him and others, do not foster divisions between States because that is going to ignore the real problem. The real problem is that the President has failed to make first responders a high enough priority. We should be looking to increase the funds to our Nation's first responders, not pit State against State.  We have seen cuts in State and local first responder formula grants in the Homeland Security Department by 59 percent--from $2.3 billion in 2003 to $941 million in 2006. That is $941 million for all first responders in America for the whole year. That is about what we have spent this week alone in Iraq. This week already we have spent about $941 million. That is what we are going to say we are going to spend for the whole year in the United States to protect us and to give our first responders the money they need. Now, those cuts--those huge cuts--are going to affect every State, whether it is a small State or a large State.  We are looking at another year of subpar funding for our State and local first responders. For 2007, the President proposes a 52-percent overall cut, or $1.3 billion, in funding for State and local law enforcement agencies alone. That, incidentally, is about what we spend in 1 week in Iraq.  The Senate Homeland Security spending bill we now consider cuts both the Law Enforcement Terrorism Prevention Program and the State Homeland Security Grant Program by $50 million each over the current year. Grants for high-threat, high-density urban areas--such as the ones the Senator from New Jersey is rightly concerned about; these are what the larger cities and metropolitan areas have been wrangling over in recent weeks--they face a $20 million cut over last year and a $140 million cut from 2 years ago.  These programs play a critical role for all States and communities for the purposes of training, procuring equipment, planning, and conducting exercises. Clearly, the domestic preparedness funds available are insufficient to protect our people and prepare for and respond to future domestic terrorist attacks anywhere on American soil.  I am not saying we should not help the Iraqi people. I am saying, let's give at least the same kind of priority to the American people. It would be comforting if we could at least tell Americans their Government was doing everything possible and practical to keep them safe. We cannot truthfully tell them that. There is much left undone in securing our Nation. That is why we are not abandoning the small- and medium-sized States that suffer under this amendment. This came up last year. The Senate roundly rejected it last year. I hope it will again this year.  Mr. President, I yield the floor.  