President, I will speak for a while. It is my intent to then yield the remainder of my time to the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin.  The Senate is going to soon vote to reauthorize the USA PATRIOT Act. I am one of the authors of the original 2001 PATRIOT Act. I voted to reauthorize an improved version of the act back in July of 2005.  Obviously, I am concerned, as all Americans are, with our security. I am concerned, as is the distinguished Presiding Officer and the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin, as one who goes to work every day, along with thousands of others, in a building that was targeted for destruction by al-Qaida. So I am glad we are making progress. However, I have to admit to being disappointed at the missed opportunity to get it right.  The PATRIOT Act provides important and valuable tools for the protection of Americans from terrorism. These matters should be governed by law, not by whim.  Legislative action should be the clear and unambiguous legal footing for any Government powers. Former Congressman Armey, Dick Armey, the Republican leader of the House, and I insisted that sunset provisions be included in the 2001 act. Because we did that, we ended up with reconsideration and some refinement of the powers authorized in that measure.  Now the challenge of Congress is to provide the effective oversight neededin the days ahead and to ensure that there is court review of the actions that affect the rights of Americans.  The bill contains several sunshine provisions that I proposed. I did that to ensure we would have oversight and to ensure some measure of public accountability for how our Government uses its powers.  For the first time ever, the Justice Department is going to be required to report publicly on its use of two secret surveillance tools that have come under fire from civil libertarians but also from the business community. These are the FISA business record authority and the so-called national security letters, or NSLs. The Justice Department has been declassifying this information sporadically, when politically convenient. It could offer no plausible justification for keeping the information classified, especially when comparable data regarding more sensitive surveillance techniques such as wiretapping and physical searches is routinely disclosed.  The conference between the two bodies accepted my proposal that these powers be subject to detailed, comprehensive, and unclassified audits by the Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General. Specifically, the OIG will audit the effectiveness and use, including any improper or illegal use, of the FISA business record and NSL authorities during the last several years and going forward.  In performing these audits, the OIG will examine the categories of records obtained, the importance of the information required, the manner in which it is retained and disseminated, and whether the information is used for data mining purposes. The NSL audit will be followed by a report on the feasibility of applying minimization procedures in the context of NSLs to ensure the protection of the constitutional rights of United States persons.  I have tried to describe it accurately. I realize that sounds like a bureaucratic computer wrote it. I want to be very specific because this administration sometimes does not pay attention to specific items. What we do not want is any agency of our Government feeling they can simply go and use these demands for records to go on a fishing expedition or find somebody they do not like and say: Let's just grab all their records. Let's go through all their records. Let's follow up on these records and see if there is something else we want--and just do that on and on with somebody who has no recourse, no ability to speak out. Their businesses might be ruined, their lives might be ruined, and it turns out: Whoops, sorry, we made a mistake. We are going on to somebody else. We saw after 9/11 when that happened. We saw businesses ruined, ranging from restaurants to other kinds of businesses, where: Whoops, sorry, we got the wrong person. Too bad you had no real ability to question what we were doing.  I proposed another sunshine provision. I am glad the conference accepted it. It comes from a bill I introduced in the last Congress with Senators Specter and Grassley. It requires the FISA Court to publish its procedures and share their rules in an unclassified report. Also, it requires annual reporting of the use of so-called sneak-and-peek search warrants and FISA's emergency surveillance authorities.  Again, we give very special powers to our Government, recognizing the fact that, as long as the distinguished Presiding Officer lives, as long as I live, we will face these kinds of threats. But we want to make sure the powers we give do not become powers just unto themselves where none of us know where the check or the balance is.  The bill includes a scaled-back version of a data-mining provision that was added by a floor amendment in the House.  Most of us use e-mails. We often send medical information on ourselves, our children, our families. Maybe if you are in a business you send information you want held so you can have a competitive advantage over your competitor. A lot of that can be picked up in data-mining operations.  As contained in the current bill, the provision calls for a one-time report on pattern-based data mining by the Department of Justice. What is that expression, pattern-based data mining? They develop models based on expected behavior or profiles of criminal or terrorist activity, then they mine databases of personal information to try to identify those patterns.  It is sort of the Kevin Bacon ``six degrees of separation,'' except we assume they are not going after Kevin Bacon. It does raise concerns about profiling and individual privacy. There is a concern that if you happen to be in a restaurant somebody frequented, you are now going to be under surveillance.  Now, in addition to the sunshine provisions, I proposed we retain the sunset mechanism that worked so well in the original PATRIOT Act. Sometimes both sunshine and sunset work well together. As I said, Republican House Majority Leader Dick Armey and I insisted, in 2001, on a 4-year sunset for certain PATRIOT Act powers. If we had not done that, we would not even be having this debate today. We would not have even looked at what happened, especially with a Congress reluctant to do oversight, a Congress unwilling to question anything this administration does.  They were forced, actually, to ask questions about what is happening under the PATRIOT Act because a conservative Member of the House--Dick Armey--and a liberal Senator--myself--put in the sunset provisions so we would be forced to look at it no matter who was President, no matter who controlled the House, no matter who controlled the Senate. And thank goodness we did because if we had not done that, I guarantee you, this Congress never would have asked a question of anybody. If we had not had that, the Bush administration would have stonewalled our request for information, just as they have on so many other things.  The sunsets are the reasons we have been going through a review and renewal process over the last few months. And the improvements were hard won. The Bush administration pursued its usual strategy of demanding sweeping Executive powers, resisting checks and balances. They were long on partisan rhetoric and awfully short on bipartisan dialog. As usual, the Republican majorities in the House and the Senate did their utmost to follow the White House's directives to prevent any sudden breakout of bipartisanship. But a ray of bipartisanship slipped through the cracks, and the bill is the better for it.  It contains 4-year sunsets, not 7- or 10-year sunsets like the administration wanted. The bill no longer contains a provision that would have made it a crime merely to disclose the receipt of a national security letter. Somebody hands you a national security letter and demands documents and it's a crime if you tell anybody about it. ``Wait a minute, you just closed down my business. I can't comply with this.'' ``Tough. You can't tell anybody. You can't tell your wife. You can't tell the people who work for you.'' This is America. We finally did away with that, even though the administration strongly wanted that kind of control.  They even wanted Americans, if they were served with a national security letter and dared to seek legal advice, they had to go humbly to the FBI first and tell them they were actually going to get a lawyer--in America--to find out why they were being subpoenaed. Now, I know they like control in this administration. That went too far. So we no longer require American citizens to tell the FBI before they exercise their right as Americans to seek the advice of counsel. Sunlight is the best disinfectant. When the sunlight came in on this bill, some of these things fell.  Chairman Specter and I worked together on these improvements, and our efforts have produced a better bill for the protection of all Americans. In this regard, I also compliment the Senate Democratic conferees, whose efforts were extraordinary. Whether they vote for or against the final product, Senators Rockefeller, Levin, and Kennedy all deserve the thanks of the Senate and the American people for their hard work and steadfastness.  Late changes were achieved by Republican Senators who had joined us in resisting the conference report in December.  When terrorists strike, they do not ask whether you are Democrats or Republicans or Independents. If they want to strike Americans, they strike Americans. They do not ask what your politics are. And all Americans--Democrats, Republicans, Independents--want to stop terrorists. All Americansoppose what they have done. So, therefore, it was regrettable that this administration--with a President who was elected on a solemn campaign pledge to be a uniter and not a divider--refused to engage both Democrats and Republicans on ways to improve the bill. They spoke to only one party, as though only one party cared about America being safe. The White House Counsel spoke to only Republican Senators. So they, in turn, negotiated to achieve what they view as improvements and what they could. It is, of course, less than what we would have liked, but I appreciate the fact they did what they could insofar as they were dealing with an administration that did not want to treat the safety of Americans in a bipartisan way.  But, therefore, the bill still falls short in several critical regards.  Let's talk about section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, the business records provision that has been so important to the libraries. Under section 215, the Government can obtain a secret order that compels access to sensitive records of American citizens. It also imposes a permanent gag on the recipient. In other words, I grabbed your records. Don't you dare tell anyone. This is America. This is America. We have had Presidents condemn other countries--and rightly so--for doing this sort of thing to their citizens, and we want to do it to our own?  Before passage of the PATRIOT Act, there were two significant limitations on the FBI's power to seize business records. First, it could be used only for a few discrete categories of travel records, such as records held by hotels, motels, vehicle rental facilities. Second, the legal standard for obtaining the order was demanding. The Government had to present specific and articulable facts giving reason to believe that the subject of the investigation was a foreign power or an agent of a foreign power.  Passed in the weeks following 9/11, the PATRIOT Act did away with these limitations. It both expanded what the FBI may obtain with a Section 215 order and it lowered the standard for obtaining it. Under current law, the Government need only assert that something--anything--is sought for an authorized investigation to protect against terrorism or espionage, and the judge will order its production. What counts as an authorized investigation is within the discretion of the Executive branch.  Now, the Senate--and I compliment those Republicans and Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee who got together on the reauthorization bill that we passed last July--the Senate reestablished a significant check on this power. Under the Senate bill, relevance to an authorized investigation is not enough. The Government must also show some connection between the records sought and a suspected terrorist or spy. This is a fundamental protection that would not hamstring the Government, but would do much to prevent overreaching in Government surveillance. I fought for it in the Senate. Chairman Specter and every Republican Senator voted for it. Then the Bush administration found out about that. It ordered the Republican Members of Congress to strip it out in conference, and these independent bodies--this check and balance--said: Aye, aye, sir, and stripped it out.  The current bill also falls short on its treatment of national security letters. These are, in effect, a form of secret administrative subpoena. Again, my God, they love doing things in secret. They love doing things in secret, and they tell us afterwards: Trust us. I seem to have read something recently in the press about an agreement to have another country run the operations of our ports. They said, after failing to consult Congress, trust us. We secretly looked at Dubai. We secretly looked at this, and we understand that money for the hijackers went through that country, but we have secretly looked at it and it is a good idea. Don't ask us any questions.  Well, now they have this form of secret administrative subpoena. They are issued by FBI agents without the approval of a judge or a grand jury or a prosecutor. They allow agents to obtain certain types of sensitive information about innocent Americans simply by certifying its relevance to a terrorism or espionage investigation. If the FBI agent does not like your looks, they can just come in with this secret subpoena and seize your records. Your business can be shut down on the whim of one agent--no judge, no grand jury, no prosecutor, no check and balance. And oh, by the way, we will do it secretly. Like section 215 orders, NSLs come with a permanent gag. Recipients are prohibited from telling anyone anything about it.  The bill does not allow meaningful judicial review of this gag order. It requires the court to accept as conclusive the Government's assertion that a gag order should not be lifted, unless the court determines the Government is acting in bad faith. This raises serious First Amendment and due process concerns. Fixing this provision was one of my top priorities in the conference and during my subsequent discussions with Senator Specter. The Bush administration's refusal to agree to this change was a significant factor in my consistent opposition to the conference report in December. And there is strong opposition to this provision from both Democrats and Republicans from the right to the left. But the administration refused to correct it. They also refused, as an alternative, to sunset the national security letter authority.  I continued to seek remediation of this provision in January and February through discussions with Senator Sununu and Senator Specter, but they were unable to achieve that result. This creates, in my view, a sham judicial proceeding within the complete control of the Government that smacks too much of a police state. It is wrong. It needs to be fixed.  I wish Americans would think: What are we giving up with the idea we might be a little more secure? Wouldn't it be a lot better to fix the mistakes that were made by the administration that allowed 9/11 to happen in the first place, to go back and find out where those mistakes were made and fix them? Wouldn't it be better to finally, years later, start actually being able to translate all the information we have picked up--something we did not do before 9/11 and today we still do not do it anywhere near enough?  Wouldn't it have been better to have done that than to say to Americans, most of whom would be law-abiding: We are going to give you this letter--which just one person decides on--and we will seize your records. You can't talk to anybody about it, and there's really nothing you can do about that. You have no real judicial way of overturning the gag order.  If we heard of other countries doing this, we would be critical and rightly so. If the Chinese did this, we would criticize them and rightly so. If the old Soviet Union did this, we would have criticized them and rightly so. Please, do not let our country go down that road. We are too good a people. We are too honest a people.  The bill's treatment of the PATRIOT Act's so-called sneak-and-peek provisions is another area of concern. Section 213 of the PATRIOT Act authorized the Government to carry out secret searches in ordinary criminal investigations. Armed with a Section 213 search warrant, FBI agents may enter and search a home or office and not tell anyone about it until weeks or months later.  It is interesting to recall that four years ago, the House Judiciary Committee took one look at the Bush administration's original proposal for sneak and peak authority and dropped it entirely from its version of the legislation. As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I was able to make some improvements in the administration's proposal, but problems remained. In particular, Section 213 says that notice may be delayed only for ``a reasonable period.'' The Bush administration has abused that flexible standard and used it to justify delays in notice of a year or more. Pre-PATRIOT Act case law stated that the appropriate period of delay was no more than seven days.  The Senate voted to replace the ``reasonable period'' standard, which the Bush administration has been abusing, with a basic 7-day rule, while permitting the Government to obtain additional 90-day extensions of the delay from the court. The current bill sets a 30-day rule for the initial delay, more than three times what the Senate, andpre-PATRIOT Act courts, deemed appropriate. The shorter period would better protect Fourth Amendment rights without in any way impeding legitimate government investigations. The availability of additional 90-day extensions means that a shorter initial time frame should not be a hardship on the Government. But our improvement has been rejected in favor of too much Government power.  The current bill is also loaded with extraneous provisions that have nothing to do with the expiring PATRIOT Act authorities or even with terrorism. The bill modifies habeas corpus law--the great writ--a highly controversial provision that is wholly improper to consider in this context. I doubt it would ever pass, if it were put to a straight up-or-down vote. But slip it in the bill and say: It is for national security. Give up your rights, Americans. It is for national security.  Many times people in this Chamber talk about Benjamin Franklin, and we think back to that time. Here is a man involved in the revolution against King George. Had he failed, he would have been hanged. Most of those around him would have been hanged. But when he has now become the Government and his friends have become the Government, replacing King George, he wanted to make sure to protect the people from the Government. As he said, those who would give up essential liberties for temporary security deserve neither liberty or security.  Habeas corpus, the one thing that every one of us can count on, the great writ, the thing that sets us apart from virtually every other country and the thing that protects us so much, was changed because a small number of Republican conferees wanted to change it. They did not want to bring it on the floor of the Senate or the House and vote on it up or down. It has nothing do to do with terrorism or even the more general tools of Federal law enforcement. It was almost a whim, let's take away these rights.  These changes were not included in the PATRIOT Act reauthorization bill of either the House or the Senate, but mysteriously, here it is, slipped in.  I recall that part in ``A Man for All Seasons'' where Sir Thomas More's protege William Roper is basically saying, the end justifies the means, and Sir Thomas More spoke of the law as something there to protect us. He said, and I am paraphrasing: All of England is planted thick with laws. And his protege said, in effect, he would cut down all those laws, if need be, to get at the devil. And Thomas More said: And what will protect you then, with all the laws cut down? Yes, I'd give the devil benefit of the law, for my own safety's sake.  I wonder if we are not doing that, especially with the sneaky way this was done. That is the only way I can describe it, sneaky. The administration said: Kick the Democratic conferees out. And the independent bodies, the House and the Senate, said: Aye-aye, sir. It violates our rules, but, yes, sir, if you want that for the White House. And then they slipped it in. Neither body's Judiciary Committee approved it. Incidentally, the U.S. Judicial Conference, at that time headed by Chief Justice Rehnquist, made up of some of the most conservative judges in the country, strongly opposed doing this.  Another extraneous provision of the bill will revive a small group of pending death penalty prosecutions for aircraft hijacking murders committed in the 1970s and 1980s. It is designed to overrule the district court decision in United States v. Safarini, which struck the death penalty for a 1986 hijacking offense on the grounds that the Federal Death Penalty Procedures Act of 1994 could not be retroactively applied to a pre-1994 crime, absent clear congressional intent to do so.  To my knowledge, Congress has never enacted death penalty legislation intended to allow the execution of a tiny number of known offenders for crimes they are alleged to have committed from one to three decades previously. Whether the Government can ultimately persuade the courts that this does not violate the letter of the ex post facto and bill of attainder clauses of the Constitution, it certainly violates their spirit. It is telling that the Department of Justice, in its testimony before the House Judiciary Committee, strongly recommended adding in a severability clause, in case this provision was ultimately held invalid by a court of law. I share the Department's skepticism regarding the constitutionality of this wrongheaded provision, and deeply regret its inclusion in the conference report.  To sum up, the bill presents a complex mixture of valuable provisions which I support and would vote for if they were individually here, significant improvements on the one hand but so many serious flaws and missed opportunities on the other. I think the final product would have been better if Members of Congress, Republicans and Democrats, both bodies had been allowed to work as Members of Congress, as representatives of the people instead of as puppets of the most secretive administration of the six administrations with which I have served. The Bush administration insisted on locking Democrats out of the negotiations. They did that, first, in connection with the conference and, again, after the Senate would not proceed to pass the conference report last December. When I and others tried to have conversations with the White House to improve the bill, our efforts were dismissed. Basically, they took the attitude, as long as they can get the votes they needed on the Republican side of the aisle, there is no purpose in any bipartisan effort. What a mistake.  This is a bill that has both virtues and vices. I respect those who conclude that on balance the bill's virtues outweigh its vices. And if they conclude that, then vote for it. But I believe we can and should do better. I believe America can do better. I will continue to work to improve the PATRIOT Act. I will work to provide better oversight of the use of national security letters. I will work to remove what is a gross, un-American restraint on meaningful judicial review, the sort of thing that Presidents of both parties have strongly condemned when done by other countries. I hate to see our country do it.  I will seek to monitor how sensitive personal information that they are now allowed to seize from medical files, gun stores, and libraries is obtained and used. Today, I will join Senators Specter, Sununu, Craig, and others in introducing a bill to improve the PATRIOT Act and reauthorization legislation in several important respects. While we have made some progress, much is left to be done.  Let me be very clear about this. There are good parts of this bill, but there are also serious bad parts. The serious bad parts are worse if you have an administration that does not believe in checks and balances and prefers to do everything in secret. We now see the administration seeking to twist the Authorization for Use of Military Force against al-Qaida into a justification for its secret, illegal wiretapping of Americans' emails and telephone calls. We see the administration claiming that it need not fulfill its constitutional responsibility to faithfully execute the laws and that it can pick and choose among the laws it will recognize. And we see an administration that continues to attack anyone that gets in their way and insists on the rule of law.  Confronted with the administration's claims of unchecked power, I do not believe that the restraints we have been able to include in this reauthorization of the PATRIOT Act are sufficient. I will continue to work to provide the tools that we need to protect the American people. I trust that Vermonters will understand that while I have repeatedly voted to extend and reauthorize the PATRIOT Act, this measure, this time, falls short of what they deserve. So I won't support it in its current form. I will continue to work to provide the oversight of checks needed on the use of Government power and seek to improve this reauthorization legislation. I know the Senate will adopt it, but it is a pale shadow of what it could be. It is not the best that the greatest democracy on Earth deserves. I will fight for the best, but I will not vote for second best.  How much time do I have remaining, Mr. President?  