President, I began this debate by praising the bipartisanship of the Judiciary Committee for reporting a comprehensive and realistic immigration bill to the Senate. I have said from the outset that Democratic Senators could not pass a good immigration bill on our own. With fewer than 50 Democratic Senators, we will need the support of Republican Senators if the Senate is to make progress on this important matter today.  With all the dramatic stagecraft of the last few days and the protestations from the other side of the aisle it may seem surprising, but the truth is that by invoking cloture on this bill, we move to consideration of germane amendments. If the Kyl amendment is germane and pending, it would be in line for a vote. So much for all the bluster and false claims of Democratic obstruction we have heard. If Republicans want to move forward on this debate, and get one step closer to a vote on tough but fair immigration reform, they should support cloture. For the past few days, I have offered, and our leadership has offered, to take up a number of bipartisan amendments for debate and votes that would have easily won the support of the Senate. Itwas Senator Kyl who objected to that progress.  Late last night, the Republican leader came to the floor to file a motion that would require the Senate to send the immigration bill back to the committee. He immediately acted to ``fill the tree,'' a parliamentary procedure that means that none of us could offer amendments, and he filed an immediate cloture motion.  So before any of us even saw the amendment, the Republican leader made sure to prevent any Senator in this body from offering an amendment of his or her own. It is somewhat ironic, after all of the posturing by Republicans over the past 2 days about the right of Senators to offer amendments and be heard, that the Republican Party has returned full force to its standard practice of shutting out those who might disagree. That is too bad, especially on a matter this important. We began with a high level of demonstrated bipartisanship. Senator Specter and I worked together to get a bill out that had a two-thirds majority of the Judiciary Committee, Republicans and Democrats, voting for it.  