President, I do not see others on the floor seeking recognition, so let me continue.  The full agenda before us, as we enter the final weeks of this legislative session, reflects how little this Republicanleadership has accomplished, even when it has control of the White House, a Republican President, rubberstamp Republican leadership in both the House of Representatives and the Senate.  We have had a steady course of misguided priorities, including weeks--weeks--spent on constitutional amendments designed to restrict Americans' rights and the misuse of Congress's time and authority to interfere in court battles over the medical treatment of Terri Schiavo. These distractions have done nothing to help our country but instead cost Americans progress on real issues that matter most.  These failures to focus on our real priorities have left America less secure. I look forward to a representative Congress that focuses on the Nation's real priorities. For example, the Republican-controlled Congress has yet to enact a Federal budget; this notwithstanding that the law required them to do it by April 15 of this year. The Republican leadership of the House and Senate decided to ignore the law and not pass one.  We have passed but one appropriations bill, and we are required by law to pass 13. We have yet to reconcile and enact lobbying reform and ethics legislation. We have yet to deal with the skyrocketing cost of gasoline and health care. We have yet to reconcile and enact a bipartisan and comprehensive immigration reform bill. And the press reports today that the Republican leadership has decided they will not do that. And for the second year in a row, the Republican-led Senate will not even take up the annual intelligence authorization bill so we could vote up or down, even though they have a majority in their own party here.  As we commemorated the 1-year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina last week, we were reminded that the situation in the gulf coast remains a tragedy with serious human consequences. We need to commit ourselves and our resources to helping our fellow citizens who are still in need after the appalling lack of responsiveness by this administration. We need to provide the assistance to that region of our country where rubble remains a fixture of the landscape 1 year later. We are spending tens of millions--hundreds of millions--storing trailers that will never be used. Some contractors have made billions, but people remain homeless. This is our Department of Homeland Security that is supposed to be able to react at a moment's notice if we have a danger. Here, even though they were given days of warning, they did not react. And when they did, it was one fumble after another, while the administration gave statements saying: Everything is under control. It reminds me of the President standing on the aircraft carrier saying: Mission accomplished.  But not just the residents of the Gulf Coast who cannot return to homes or return to jobs, all Americans have to prepare for the threat of an avian flu pandemic so we do not see the repeat of last winter, when the Government was unprepared for a typical winter flu season. Mr. President, throughout your lifetime and my lifetime, every single year--every single year--we have had a flu season. And last year the administration acted surprised that we had a flu season. We should take action to preserve and improve rather than pollute the environment. Protecting our environment has become a pressing issue that has public safety and serious health consequences for all Americans, today and tomorrow. That demands immediate attention.  We cannot ignore the destruction already wrought by the administration's ill-advised, head-in-the-sand policies. We have to provide resources that our returning veterans need at home. We spend hundreds of millions of dollars for health care facilities in Iraq that will never be used. Yet we are cutting back on health care facilities in America that our veterans need. America can do better. We spend hundreds of millions of dollars, ostensibly, to build schools in Iraq that will never be used, and our schools in America are falling apart without money for them. We can spend hundreds of millions of dollars for law enforcement in Iraq, law enforcement that has proven particularly ineffective, and, at the same time, we are cutting millions of dollars for law enforcement in America, while our crime rates skyrocket. America can do better.  The Senate can make progress, but it has to work together. Today, we consider the nomination of Kimberly Ann Moore for a lifetime appointment to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. In the weeks before the recess, we confirmed several nominees to the Nation's important circuit courts.  Working together, the Senate confirmed two circuit nominees and two Federal trial court nominees in a matter of minutes in one afternoon. That, I might point out, is the kind of progress we can make when the President nominates qualified, consensus nominees.  When she is confirmed, Ms. Moore will be the 7th circuit court nominee and the 30th judge overall confirmed this year. Compare this with those left unconfirmed in the 1996 congressional session, when Republicans controlled the Senate and they stalled the nominations of President Clinton. And in that year, Republicans would not confirm a single appellate court judge--not one. Here, today, we will have our seventh appellate court judge. I think of the 61--61--judges of President Clinton who were pocket filibustered by a Republican-controlled Senate.  I think of the irony that in the 17 months of President Bush's term in office when the Democrats controlled the Senate, we actually confirmed President Bush's judges faster than has been done under a Republican-controlled Senate. You would not know that from the speeches that are made.  But today is a day to congratulate Ms. Moore on her confirmation. I hope she will be the kind of judge who will apply the law fairly and protect the rights of all litigants appearing in her courtroom. There are some superb people on that court. I think of such people as Judge Richard Linn. He should be a model for her as to the kind of judge this Nation deserves. He is one of the more senior members of that court. That is the kind of person I hope she will emulate.  Mr. President, how much time remains to the Senator from Vermont?  