President, back in May 2005, with the leadership of Senator Specter, Senator Biden, Senator Kennedy, and others, the Senate Judiciary Committee approved an important child safety bill, S. 1086. The committee worked tirelessly to craft a prudent, bipartisan bill that would assist States in their ongoing efforts to protect children through tighter monitoring of known sex offenders. It was a good bill, and it passed the full Senate in May of this year by unanimous consent.  Now, extensive bipartisan discussions with the House have produced a revised version of the bill, which the Senate is voting on today. The new bill is better in a few ways than the Senate-passed bill that we produced and also, regrettably, takes some steps backward. While this new bill is not the bill I would have written, I intend to support it and expect that it will pass.  As a former prosecutor, and as a father and grandfather, I know that there is no higher duty than to protect our society's children, to take every step possible to prevent them from coming to harm, and to punish those who attempt to or succeed in harming them. We have never debated whether children should be protected. Of course they should. The only debate is about how they should be protected, and how best to deploy and utilize limited resources to deter and punish those who would prey on them.  Over the last 30 years, I have worked closely with others to write and enact legislation aimed specifically at protecting children and assisting victims. In the last Congress, Senator Hatch and I joined to introduce the PROTECT Act, which provided prosecutors and law enforcement with tools necessary to combat child pornography and human trafficking. The final legislation passed by Congress included a number of provisions that I had either authored or supported, such as the National AMBER Alert Network Act; the Protecting Our Children First Act, which reauthorized funding for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children; and legislation to amend the Violence Against Women Act to provide transitional housing assistance grants for child victims of domestic violence.  In addition, I am pleased that the Senate has acted on other legislation for children and crime victims that I have sponsored. These include the 21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act, which among other things included important grant funds for the Boys and Girls Clubs of America, and established the Violence Against Women Office in the Justice Department. In 2004, the President signed into law the Justice For All Act, a package of criminal justice reforms that, among other things, authorized funds to reduce rape kit backlogs and enumerated crime victims' rights.  I am glad that this new consensus legislation to protect children honors the efforts of John and Reve Walsh, who have worked so hard to ensure that other families would not experience the tragedy that befell their family. It has been my privilege to work for many years with the Walshes and with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, in which they have played such an instrumental role, to take many important steps to keep children and families safe. I commend and thank John Walsh once again for his passionate advocacy on behalf of the Nation's children over many, many years.  I am also glad that members of both parties in both bodies ultimately agreed with me and with the distinguished Senate Republican and Democratic leaders that we should prioritize finishing and passing legislation to protect children from sexual predators, without tying this crucial legislation to other more difficult issues. The Senate has passed court security legislation, for which I was a principal cosponsor, as part of S. 2766, and we have been working to settle differences between our legislation and the other body's court security proposals. Court security legislation should pass this year, but it would not have been right to endanger either the court security bills or this crucial child protection legislation by tying them together.  Gang legislation is on a separate track entirely. It is just getting started in the Senate. Passing legislation to protect children from sexual predators has been my first priority. Seeking simultaneously to resolve extensive differences over provisions in the gang bill and other crime legislation could have caused us to miss this chance. It is commendable that, in the end, both bodies chose to focus on passing sex offender legislation and not to jeopardize this by tying this bill to more controversial measures.  The gang bill is just now before the Judiciary Committee, which is the appropriate place to start work on a complex and important piece of criminal justice legislation. It is a new and very different version of this bill. It will be important to hold a hearing on this bill to listen to the Federal, State, and local law enforcement officers who are combating gang violence on a regular basis, and from the organizations that are working to keep kids out of gangs. Gang violence is a disturbing and difficult menace in our communities, and as we craft solutions to help address these issues we should strive to get it right. We have done the right thing by finalizing this important child protection legislation first, before turning to that and other difficult tasks.  When S. 1086 was first introduced in May 2005, serious concerns were raised by members of the Judiciary Committee, State attorneys general, the Department of Justice, and others. Through an impressive, bipartisan effort these concerns were largely addressed. I appreciate that Senators, and now House Members, of both parties took these concerns to heart and revised this bill in ways that will increase the protection of children from the most dangerous sex offenders, while not overwhelming the States with requirements that could hinder their own efforts. I believe that this new bill takes a few unfortunate steps back from the well thought out Senate version, but it still achieves many of the crucial goals we identified. The resulting bill ensures that each State will have an effective sex offender registry and that all States will share registry information--all of which will help keep our children safer.  I am glad that this bill addresses my concerns and that of many others of both parties in the Senate in giving significant discretion to the States in the handling of juvenile offenders. Juvenile justice has always been a province of the States, and State legislatures, prosecutors, and judges have developed significant expertise in distinguishing which juvenile offenders represent a continuing threat to society and which juveniles, with appropriate treatment and monitoring, can turnthemselves around and become contributing members of society.  This bill correctly allows the States, in many cases, to use their expertise--and they know more about these issues than we do here in Washington--to decide which juveniles should be on sex offender registries, to what extent, and for how long. It also appropriately requires the States to include the most egregious juvenile offenders, who do represent a threat to others, on their sex offender registries. I think the bill goes too far in a few cases in limiting States' discretion to determine which juveniles should be placed on registries and to allow those juvenile offenders who have lived cleanly and turned their lives around to get off of registries. But overall, this bill strikes an acceptable balance on this issue, and I am glad that those of us who were concerned about appropriate deference to the expertise of the States spoke out and were heard to some extent.  This bill takes a good if small first step toward what should be one of our most important priorities in keeping our children safe from sex offenders: treatment. While the most dangerous sex offenders may be predisposed to re-offend and should be treated accordingly, many studies have shown that people who commit less serious sex offenses often, with appropriate treatment, do not present a significant risk of recidivism and can become responsible members of society. One of the best ways to protect our children is to help as many low-risk offenders as possible turn their lives around, so that our scant law enforcement resources can be focused on those dangerous offenders who are a demonstrable threat to our children. In addition to the Bureau of Prisons Program included in S. 1086, the current bill includes a new program directed specifically to the treatment of juvenile sex offenders, who have been proven to be especially responsive to treatment. This is a welcome addition to the bill, and one we should build on in the future.  I want to direct the attention of my colleagues to title V of the bill, which makes substantial amendments to section 2257 of title 18. By way of background, Congress passed the original version of section 2257 in 1988, as a means to help ensure that minors were not being exploited by the adult, hard-core pornography industry in violation of the child exploitation laws. In 1989, the District Court for the District of Columbia found that this original version violated the first amendment. In 1990, Congress responded to the District Court decision by significantly narrowing the scope of section 2257.  The House bill proposed an expansion of section 2257 beyond what was held unconstitutional before the 1990 amendments, and beyond the pornography industry and those who exploit children. The proposed expansion of section 2257 gave rise to legitimate concerns, expressed by groups as far-ranging as the Chamber of Commerce, the Motion Picture Association of America, the American Hotel and Lodging Association, the American Library Association, and the American Conservative Union, that its record-keeping and labeling requirements, and associated criminal liability, might now affect an array of mainstream, legitimate, and first-amendment-protected activities and industries. These industries are leaders in protecting children employed in their industries and are far removed from the problem that the legislation purportedly sought to address. Subjecting them to the burdens of a recordkeeping and labeling statute intended for the pornography industry would create substantial burdens of compliance without any added benefit in the wholly legitimate and vital cause of actually safeguarding the security and welfare of children.  Because the focus of these requirements is adult pornography and the protection of children, not mainstream visual depictions and activities that do not threaten children, the new bill includes provisions intended to limit the reach of these requirements to those who are actually exploiting children. Most notably, section 2257A(h) enables law-abiding, legitimate businesses, which create and commercially distribute materials that are not, and do not appear to be, child pornography, to certify to the Attorney General that, pursuant to existing laws, labor agreements, or industry standards, they regularly and in the normal course of business collect the name, date of birth, and address of performers employed by them. This recognizes that such legitimate, law-abiding industries in fact routinely collect the information necessary to demonstrate their compliance with the child protection laws and that for this reason they were never intended to be the focus of this more extensive recordkeeping and labeling statute. Businesses that so certify and thus exhibit their good faith can avoid some of the more onerous requirements, and associated criminal liability, rightfully placed on others whose compliance is more likely to further the interest of protecting children.  By way of illustration, the motion picture industry currently operates under a panoply of laws, both civil and criminal, as well as regulations and labor agreements governing the employment of children in any production. They check work permits, require parents or guardians to be present at all times during production, and in some cases even obtain court approval for the employment of the children in films and television shows. It is fair to say that the film and television industries are a leader among industries in safeguarding the interests of children in the workplace. Yet in the absence of the certification provision in section 2257A(h), these studios would be subjected to the same extensive recordkeeping and labeling requirements as a hard-core pornographer is under this bill, as would a host of other legitimate entities throughout the distribution chain for mainstream motion pictures and television shows.  The focus of the underlying statute should remain on helping apprehend child predators and not on legitimate businesses that have no role in harming children. Under section 2257A(h), motion picture companies that certify to the Department of Justice that they collect the name, date of birth, and address of all the performers employed by them, for purposes of compliance with existing laws, such as filling out an I-9 form or W-4s for tax purposes, or pursuant to labor agreements or their normal business practices, will not be subject to the more burdensome requirements of this statute. Establishing this regime will have the additional benefit of allowing the Department of Justice to focus their limited resources in areas where they should be focused--pursuing those who harm children. This provision has been in effect for 18 years and yet has not been used. It is my hope that the Department of Justice, having obtained the amendments they sought, will begin to enforce the law and focus on those who harm children, and not on those legitimate businesses that do not.  Other exemptions in the bill exclude from the recordkeeping requirements and annual certification regime providers of Internet access, telecommunications, and online search tools, as well as online hosting, storage, and transmission services, so long as the provider does not select or alter the content. It is ironic that the broadest exemptions are granted to the providers of various types of Internet and telecommunications services, even though the advent of the Internet is cited in the original version of this bill as greatly increasing the ease of transporting, distributing, receiving, and advertising child pornography in interstate commerce. Notwithstanding these exemptions, nothing in this bill can or should be construed to impair the enforcement of any other Federal criminal statute or to limit or expand any law pertaining to intellectual property against these entities.  Regrettably, the core, bipartisan bill to strengthen State sex offender registration programs was joined in both the House and the Senate to unrelated provisions aimed at creating additional mandatory minimum sentences. I agree with the U.S. Judicial Conference and the vast majority of Federal judges and practitioners that harsh, inflexible mandatory sentencing laws are a recipe for injustice. In its letter dated March 7, 2006, regarding the House bill, the Judicial Conference, headed by Chief Justice John Roberts, wrote that mandatory minimum sentences undermine the sentencing guideline regime Congress established under the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984 by preventing the systemic development of guidelines that reduce unwarranted disparity and provide proportionality and fairness in punishment.  Mandatory sentences also tie prosecutors' hands in these cases where it is most important that they have the discretion to plea bargain, especially considering how difficult it can be to prepare children emotionally and psychologically to testify against their abusers.  When addressing this issue in committee last year, Senators from both sides of the aisle agreed to limit the imposition of new mandatory minimum sentences to the most serious and violent crimes against children, rather than to myriad lesser crimes as was originally proposed. The new bill backslides from this agreement to an unfortunate extent. If we are going to establish mandatory minimum sentences, we should at least proceed in a thoughtful and coherent way, with some understanding of the range of offense conduct that may be covered and the sorts of sentences that are being imposed under current law. Instead, we simply pluck ever-higher numbers out of thin air. Congress greatly increased the penalties for most sex offenses just 3 years ago, in the PROTECT Act. Nothing has changed since then to warrant this new round of arbitrary sentence inflation.  Another controversial measure included in the House-passed bill was a proposal to strip Federal courts of jurisdiction to review constitutional errors in sentencing that a State court has deemed harmless. The Senate Judiciary Committee reviewed this jurisdiction-stripping provision last year, during its consideration of the so-called Streamlined Procedures Act, S. 1088. That bill--and this provision in particular--was strongly opposed by a broad coalition of organizations, including the United States Judicial Conference. Following hearings, the committee specifically rejected this provision by adopting a substitute amendment that stripped it out in its entirety; the substitute then died in committee without further action. To include such an extraneous and deeply flawed provision in the current bill would have been wrong, and it is a credit to this bill that it has been removed.  Another area of concern is a provision that was also included in the Senate's comprehensive immigration bill. The provision prohibits the approval of a visa application for the relative of a U.S. citizen or legal resident based on the citizen or resident's conviction for any of the sex offenses enumerated in the bill. This provision casts a wide net, and in many cases will harshly and unnecessarily penalize people seeking entry to the United States who have a family member in the country, but where the citizen or resident poses no threat to the individual seeking entry.  The bill gives the Secretary of DHS discretion to assess these applications on a case-by-case basis and waive the denial, and I hope this will turn out to be more than just an empty gesture. Given that this bill greatly expands the crimes sufficient to deny an application, I urge the Secretary to give thoughtful consideration to each case in which a waiver is sought. In a case of a citizen who is on the path to rehabilitation or whose crime was relatively minor, denial of a family member's support would serve no rational purpose and would undermine the goals of family unity. I hope the Secretary will actively use this waiver authority to limit the broad reach of this provision to those cases where a citizen or legal resident genuinely poses a threat to a family member seeking entry.  This legislation requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to create a national registry of substantiated cases of child abuse and neglect which would, when fully implemented over time, serve the purpose of enabling child protective service agencies to identify an adult's past child maltreatment history in other States, without having to check every individual State child protective service central registry. Improving the ability of child protective service agencies to collect information on prior cases of child maltreatment by a named adult is a worthy objective. However, to rush into the creation of such a national registry, without deliberate consideration and evaluation first of the wide variation in how State child abuse and neglect data on substantiated cases identifies the perpetrator of the abuse or neglect and the specifics of their maltreatment--what the bill calls the nature of the substantiated case--would be reckless.  For that reason, the legislation also mandates the HHS Secretary to conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing data collection standards for a national child abuse and neglect registry. Clearly, such a study should be completed before the Federal Government begins to implement the creation of such a registry and to collect registry information from the States. We need to know what we are working with before we create a system which might give the public a false sense of security or violate the due process rights of children and families alike. Caution is advised in moving forward on this matter in order to develop an information system which is both fair and reliable.  The legislation also requires the HHS Secretary to establish standards for how, and to whom, this national registry information will be disseminated. In view of the sensitivity of this registry, which is to include information historically maintained only at the state or local child protective service agency level, I urge the Secretary, in consideration of these standards and before collecting any national registry data, to be cognizant of past congressional concerns related to the protection of legal rights of families, as reflected in 42 U.S.C. 5106(b)(2)(A)(xix), and for a fair appellate process for individuals who disagree with a substantiated finding of abuse or neglect, as reflected in 42 U.S.C. 5106(b)(2)(A)(xv)(2). Both of these are provisions of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act.  Significantly, the legislation does not provide any new financial or technical assistance to States to improve or standardize their child protective services substantiated case recordkeeping systems, or to support States in the added burden of preparing for, and transferring data to, a new national registry. Not all States maintain the same registry information. Some States do not record registry entries by name of perpetrator but rather by name of child; some States no longer maintain registries at all. Most tribes, which are included in the legislation, maintain no registries at all. Without this important additional technical and financial assistance to the States, the quality of the information collected would likely be uneven and at times unreliable. This is a serious deficiency in the legislative mandate for the creation of a national registry of child abuse and neglect cases, one that I hope will be corrected through a targeted appropriation that focuses on helping State child protective service agencies upgrade their central registries or comparable systems of case-specific data.  I am pleased that the bill includes my proposal to authorize grants to Big Brothers and Big Sisters of America and the National Crime Prevention Council. Big Brothers and Big Sisters provides valuable mentoring services to young people across the country, and supporting their mission is a valuable investment that will reap measurable rewards. The National Crime Prevention Council helps communities across the country understand and address the causes of crime. Grants to this organization help communities become active in crime prevention at the grassroots level, and encouraging their continued efforts is something we should all strongly support.  I am also pleased that the sponsors of this bill agreed to incorporate S. 2155, popularly known as Masha's Law. This legislation, named after a Russian orphan who was sexually exploited by her adoptive father, will increase the civil statutory damages available to victims of child exploitation. It will also ensure that victims of child pornography whose images remain in circulation after they have turned 18 can still recover when those images are downloaded.  I am also pleased that the bill includes authorization of $12 million for grants to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, known as RAINN, for operation of its National Sexual Assault Hotline and for the other important work RAINN does to assist victims of sexual assault and to help prevent and prosecute sexual assault. I want to congratulate RAINN for recently logging the one-millionth call to its 24-hour telephone hotline.RAINN, in helping a million crime victims, has not only made their lives better, but has also contributed greatly to the decrease in sexual violence in this country. I am honored that RAINN's founder and president, Scott Berkowitz, thanked me in connection with this important milestone for having supported the establishment of the National Sexual Assault Hotline.  Finally, I want to thank the Vermont Attorney General's Office and other concerned Vermont officials for prompt and constructive comments on multiple drafts of this legislation. Vermonters have worked hard to produce and improve our State's sex offender registry program in ongoing efforts to make it useful to law enforcement agencies and the general public in providing information regarding individuals who have proved a demonstrable threat to the public. In light of the mobility inherent in American society, cooperation and coordination among the various States improves the effectiveness of each State's registry, and the Federal assistance this bill provides will enhance that cooperation and coordination.  