I mention that at the outset to advise Senators on this side of the aisle.  I also welcome the distinguished Senator back from his trip. It sounds like it was a substantial trip. I spent August in Vermont, a matter of no great sacrifice I must say, but nevertheless a very busy month.  That made me think, Madam President, when we returned today from recess, we have less than 4 weeks remaining in this legislative session. With so little time remaining, I hope we can join to make real progress on the issues that have languished unresolved, the real issues that matter most to the American people. We spend a lot of time talking about issues that really do not matter to the American people and ignoring those issues that do.  I urge the administration and the Republican leadership of the House and Senate to recognize the failures that have set us back as a nation. We are ready to work together to rectify those failures.  Secretary Rumsfeld and Vice President Cheney struck the absolute wrong note when they recently labeled as ``appeasers'' the majority of Americans who recognize the disastrous war in Iraq as distracting them from winning the war on terror. Basically, they are saying anyone who questions their mistakes or points out their mistakes is nearly treasonous. My God, we have not heard talk like that since the days of King George. And that led to the revolution that made us a country.  Again, this week, the Democratic leadership reached out to the President on this important issue. Rather than name-calling and seeking to divide Americans, rather than fostering fear and seeking to scare Americans into staying the disastrous course on which the Government remains headed, I urge Republican leaders to join to fight a smarter war on terror so we can make America safer.  The cronyism, the incompetence that brought us the devastating aftermath of Hurricane Katrina cannot continue to define Government action. With more Americans in poverty, and extreme poverty, with more children without health care, we must do better. America can do better.  With rising interest rates, rising mortgage rates, rising health care costs, rising insurance costs, we must do better for America's working families. America can do better.  While corporate profits have taken a greater and greater share of our gross national product, wages are stagnant. Those in charge refuse to allow a long overdue raise to the minimum wage. We have just come through a summer of record-high gas prices. For many families, the threat of record-high home heating prices this winter is around the corner. Yet this will be another year in which this administration will not raise the minimum wage.  As we approach the fifth anniversary of the attacks of September 11, 2001, we are more aware of the painful failure of the Federal Government in neglecting to protect the Nation from those attacks. September 11 could have been avoided. Our Government dropped the ball. We did not protect the Nation. In these last 5 years, the administration's decision to send hundreds of thousands of Americans into Iraq, diverting attention and resources from the hunt for Osama bin Laden and the fight against al-Qaida--those loom largest among the many mistakes they have made which have created a more dangerous and threatening world.  How sad, how discouraging, how needless, and how ominous it has been the past 5 years to see the national and international unity we had after those horrific attacks squandered by this administration's crass politics, their arrogant unilateralism, their misguided policies.  It was around the time of the second anniversary of September 11 that Defense Secretary Rumsfeld put his fingeron a key question in the fight against terrorism, when he asked whether we were creating or eliminating more terrorists through our actions. There can now be little doubt about the honest answer to the question about the actions taken by this administration over the last 5 years. Does anyone doubt the impact of the occupation of Iraq, the images from Abu Ghraib, the international scandal at Guantanamo, and the war profiteering by huge defense contractors?  Our own State Department, the Bush State Department, had to revise its reports on international terrorism in order to reflect a more honest assessment of the growing incidence of terrorism violence.  Hamas and Hezbollah are winning elections, as are hardliners in Iran and elsewhere throughout the Middle East. We see American soldiers, brave American soldiers, trapped in the sectarian violence in Iraq. We see the situation every day in Afghanistan deteriorating.  Meanwhile, we have lost precious time to confront growing threats from Iran and North Korea and the Middle East. They are more threatening than any time in recent memory.  The administration resisted recent efforts to examine what led to the tragic events of September 11. The administration does not want the rubberstamp Congress to ask them what they did, why they allowed September 11 to happen in the first place.  They resisted the creation of a Department of Homeland Security. They resisted the formation of the 9/11 Commission because they knew it would ask the question: Why did September 11 happen during the Bush administration? And they failed to implement many of the Commission's most important recommendations.  Recently, President Bush held a press conference. He conceded what we all know: Iraq had ``nothing'' to do with the attack on the World Trade Center. Then he skipped quickly over the main reason we went into Iraq; namely, his erroneous contention that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction.  A growing roster of conservative Republicans, from William Buckley on, is now acknowledging the failure of this administration's strategy in Iraq.  Even as sectarian violence has continued to grow among Iraqis, as the losses it causes to America continue to mount, the administration tolerates no criticism or, worse yet, listens to no new perspectives on a deteriorating situation. They stubbornly insist: Stay on this uncorrected course for another 2\1/2\ years--this from a President who, when he first ran for office, told our country he was against nation building and against foreign military antagonists.  It is difficult to come together and to move forward when the administration will not acknowledge that its historic miscalculations that led to the current situation. When they are not ignoring the past, they simply excuse it. The excuses for their failures are mockingly the same.  In May 2002, the then-National Security Adviser, now Secretary of State, said:       I don't think anybody could have predicted that these      people would take an airplane and slam it into the World      Trade Center . . . that they would try to use an airplane as      a missile.  Of course, that was not true. The 9/11 Commission showed how the Bush administration had received many of the September 11 warnings that that was exactly what they were going to do.  In September 2005, President Bush responded to the destruction of New Orleans by saying:       I don't think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees.  Of course, that was wrong. Of course, local papers and others had discussed this hurricane disaster scenario and others for years. It was predicted.  And earlier this summer, Vice President Cheney said about Iraq:       I don't think anybody anticipated the level of violence      that we've encountered.  And a military spokesman said:       I don't think anyone could have anticipated the sectarian      violence.  Of course, neither of these statements was accurate since sectarian violence was a known risk. It was even a predicted risk from the outset. It is one of the reasons so many opposed going there in the first place.  Just as this administration's justification for U.S. involvement in Iraq continued to shift from one to the next, its excuses ring hollow when they refuse to acknowledge their errors and instead claim infallibility. ``Just trust us'' long ago proved its failure as a Bush administration policy.  Ours is the strongest military in the world, but there are limits to military power. That military power and resources must never be squandered. Many people who have actively served in the military knew that. The President's father knew that. General Powell knew that. President Eisenhower, the military hero of World War II, a Republican President, knew that.  Unfortunately, this administration, thousands of lives later, hundreds of billions of dollars later, is just beginning to learn it in what has proven to be a disaster of historic proportions.  Imagine how different our situation would be today if we had not shifted our lead forces from Afghanistan to Iraq at the critical moment when we had Osama bin Laden cornered, when we were about to find him. What if the President had done what we unanimously asked him to do, go get Osama bin Laden, the man who engineered September 11. We had him on the run. We let him go, and we went into a futile war in Iraq.  In the years since then, the Iraq war has stretched our military to the breaking point. It has sapped hundreds of millions of dollars and preoccupied our attention. The White House has even disbanded the intelligence unit that for a year was dedicated to tracking down Osama bin Laden. All those nations that were on our side after September 11, 2001, now do not support us.  What have we done? A diversion to Iraq has only succeeded in creating a new breeding ground for terrorists and in emboldening the rogue states to harbor and supply them. Starting this unnecessary war in Iraq did not make us more secure, it has made us less secure. And worse yet, the Bush administration allowed Osama bin Laden to escape.  We need to adjust our course in order to effectively confront the threat of terrorism. We do not need excuses and name calling. We need honesty and determination. We need not just conventional military might but better intelligence, stronger alliances, repaired alliances, and better information sharing. We need to use our resources for homeland security, to protect our ports, our planes, our industrial plants, and our vital resources.  Let us function as a constitutional democracy and act within a moral framework and legitimate legal rules. Let us be that democratic model to the world that America often has been and should be today. Let us show the strength and resolve of a free people, not a fearful people. Let us set a new direction to counterterrorism on our own terms, with American skill and with American values.  This summer we expressed our gratitude to British authorities for disrupting a plot that reportedly endangered the citizens of both our countries. That episode and the fifth anniversary, next week, of the attacks of 9/11 are reminders there is little margin for error in countering terrorism.  We need to refocus our attention and resources from the divisions that plague Iraq to eliminating the misdirection and mismanagement that still diverts us from an effective international strategy to protect the American people from terrorism. We need to be smarter and stronger to make America safer. We can do better. America can do better.  For almost 5 years since the Government failed to protect us from 9/11, Bush administration officials in charge of security have been saying it is not a question of whether al-Qaida will attack us again but when. We need to do better. We need to do better. We should look at the mistakes that allowed 9/11 to happen. We should look at the colossal mistake that allowed Osama bin Laden to escape. We as America need to do better.  Mr. President, how much time remains to the Senator from Vermont?  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Alexander). Fourteen minutes.  