President, Senator McConnell has proposed an amendment to the immigration bill to modify the Help America Vote Act of 2002, ``HAVA'', by mandating that all States require government-issued photo identification from voters at polling places. Senator McConnell's amendment raises serious concerns by putting the policy ahead of the groundwork necessary to determine how and whether such a step should be taken.  I do not see his justification for attaching that proposal to this measure or to get ahead of the implementation of the REAL ID Act or recommendations by the Carter-Baker commission. The REAL ID Act has given us a great many problems, and there are a number of aspects that need to be adjusted or fixed. If the Rules Committee wants to take a comprehensive look at it and if Senator Dodd supports that effort, I will be very interested in what they have to say. I do not think it is wise to expand the purpose of the REAL ID Act without due deliberation. This is not the right time, nor is this bill the right place, to make hasty changes to Federal voting laws without the careful consideration such modifications deserve.  The Senate is currently considering the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act and is doing so in a deliberate, considered, and bipartisan manner. We should take the same approach to any enhancement of HAVA, which should include the considered input from the States, their election officials and citizens. HAVA expressly provides for State involvement in carrying out the improvements in the law. Senator McConnell's amendment would seem to undermine HAVA by preventing the States from performing their legislative role in devising voter identification procedures. The States play an integral role in carrying out the improvements in the Act, and we should let them perform this function without the undue interference.  Any proposal for federally standardized identification cards should be subject to hearings and debate beyond the constrained environment of the amendment process for the immigration bill. Before we vote on proposals for the use of a national identification card in our voting system, we must undertake a national debate about the technology, implementation, and the implications for the privacy rights of American citizens and the risks that required forms of voter identification have sometimes been used to intimidate minority voters or suppress their participation.  