President, when the Congress passed the intelligence reform bill in 2004, it included measures that were intended to help secure our borders. These provisions, called the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative, require that any person, including a U.S. citizen, present a passport or its equivalent, when they enter the United States from neighboring countries, including Canada or Mexico.  We have long enjoyed less-formal immigration policies with our neighbors, and especially with Canada. These policies encourage tourism and trade and promote goodwill between our nations.  The impact of the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative on Northern Border states could be extremely harmful. Last year, Vermont exported $1.516 billion worth of products to Canada. And in 2003, more than 2 million Canadians visited Vermont, spending $188 million while here. Other northern border States enjoy similar trade and tourism benefits with Canada and face what could be significant downturns in their economies if this law is not implemented smoothly.  States like Alaska and Minnesota have unique challenges under the law because in Alaska all or in Minnesota some residents have to cross into Canada before entering the continental U.S. by land. In addition, several southern States could experience negative impacts. Florida and Nevada welcome significant numbers of Canadian tourists. Other States have strong economic ties to Canada and depend on the efficient movement of products across international borders.  We all know that the economic health of many small towns along the border depends upon their access to neighboring Canadian towns. In some cases, these towns share emergency services, grocery stores and other basic services. Residents sometimes cross the border on foot several times a day. This is true in Vermont, and I am sure that it is true for communities in many border States.  The State Department is developing a lower cost passport alternative--called the PASS Card--but that program has serious problems and potential for delay. The two Government agencies responsible for these PASS Cards are still arguing over what technology to embed in the card.  This issue alone indicates that DHS cannot meet the January 1, 2008 deadline when all U.S. citizens will need this card, or the more expensive traditional passport, to cross the northern border at land ports of entry.  I have worked in recent months with Senators Stevens, Jeffords, Coleman, Stabenow, Murkowski, Cornyn and Levin to extend the implementation date for this program to June 2009. That would give the U.S. and Canada an extra 18 months to prepare for a smooth transition. The bipartisan amendment we offer today should be non controversial and I hope all Senators will support it.  No one is suggesting that we should repeal the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative altogether, but in order to protect our economy and to preserve community ties, we should intervene now to ensure that the Government can implement this law in a rational manner. An extension is the sensible way to proceed. We need to be smart about border security, not just to sound ``tough'' about it.  