President, I would like to recognize the achievements of an outstanding and accomplished young Vermonter. Last February, Hannah Teter of Belmont made her family, her friends, and her fellow Vermonters proud as she won the Olympic gold medal in the women's half pipe event in Turin, Italy. While this accomplishment alone deserves congratulations, Hannah has, perhaps more impressively, reached beyond her athletic success and used her national--and international--recognition to forge one of the most creative charitable endeavors I have seen in quite some time.  Just 19 years old, Hannah has enjoyed immense success on the international snowboarding circuit, winning nine titles and medals in the last 2 years alone. In the summer of 2005, ESPN recognized her with an ESPY Award for Excellence in Sports Performance. Realizing how blessed she was with the opportunities that gave her the chance to make her mark in snowboarding, Hannah was inspired to give something back. She has seized this opportunity to demonstrate to other young people that they have the power to make a difference.  Upon her return from Turin earlier this year, Hannah enjoyed the limelight that her Olympic successes brought her. But it wasn't long before her altruism opened the door to a creative way to help others to benefit from her success. Raised in a family where maple syrup production was an annual event, Hannah drew on her childhood experiences and, together with her mother, conceived ``Hannah's Gold.'' The bottles of maple syrup, produced on a neighbor's farm, are sold to benefit World Vision, a charitable organization that provides aid to struggling people in Africa. Proceeds from each bottle of syrup will go toward alleviating hunger and the AIDS crisis in impoverished areas.  Hannah's efforts are just one example of the long legacy of service and charity in which we Vermonters take so much pride. She is truly an example to the many young people who look at her achievements with dreams of their own.  The Boston Globe recently published a superb account of Hannah's story, ``Teter's Syrupy Story is Worth Telling,'' profiling Hannah and her charitable venture. I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the Record.  