President, this year the Senate passed a comprehensive immigration bill. Senators and staff worked tirelessly to negotiate and pass that bill, which was a comprehensive, fair solution that respected human dignity, and recognized the need for strong border security. The response we got from the majority in the House of Representatives was obstruction. Rather than proceed to a conference to try to hammer out a meaningful solution, the House leadership ignored our calls to proceed and spent the month of August holding sham hearings on the Senate's bill meant only to undermine the work we completed and inflame anti-immigrant passions. Now the House leadership, enabled by the majority leader, asks us to forget all about the efforts we made and take up and pass a narrow, unbalanced bill to help their election chances.  If there is any doubt that this effort by the majority leader is political, consider the timing of this bill. On September 21st of this year, just as the majority leader brought this bill to the floor, the Department of Homeland Security announced the beginning of its Secure Border Initiative with the award of a multi-year, billion-dollar contract to the Boeing Corporation to begin work on a state-of-the-art border security system. Yet, at the same time the Department of Homeland Security tries to secure the border with 21st Century technology, the Senate majority seeks to duplicate and confuse those efforts with a plan straight out of the 18th century. Despite the numerous problems in that agency, it is still a better idea to let them proceed with the Secure Border Initiative than it is to throw even more taxpayer money at a redundant and inferior project.  The majority leader seeks to pass this legislation--with little debate and no amendments--to pander to the anti-immigration crowd. I understand that the Republican majority wants to leave this session with something they can take with them and hold up as a Republican victory for national security, but true security means more than hiding behind walls. We should be unwilling to sacrifice our chances at comprehensive reform to appease the isolationist faction in this country. Voting against this bill is not a vote against national security; it is a vote in favor of the comprehensive bill the Senate already passed.  Regrettably, this bill also contains a requirement for a study to be conducted on the necessity and feasibility of a barrier on the Canadian-American border. I have filed an amendment to strike this study, but the majority leader, as is his practice when bringing up controversial bills to score political points, has obstructed Democratic Senators from offering amendments to improve this bill. To think that we would even consider engaging in this type of unilateral behavior is mind-boggling. Have we learned nothing from the Bush-Cheney administration's go-it-alone strategy? As a Senator from a northern border state, I cannot emphasize enough how important it is for us to engage our neighbors in a cooperative manner when it comes to security. If we were to pass this legislation, we would send a message to our Canadian allies that we don't trust their ability to achieve security and we would ignore the fact that border security is in both of our best interests. We will achieve much more by working respectfully and cooperatively with the Canadian government than we will by conducting studies as to whether we should wall off one of our most valuable allies.  Another deeply troubling aspect of this bill is the virtually unlimited grant of authority to the Department of Homeland Security to ``take all actions . . . necessary and appropriate'' to secure the country's border. The bill's grant of authority to the Secretary of Homeland Security lacks any boundaries--any delineation of where such authority ends. It would abdicate congressional authority and delegate, with no intelligible principle, unlimited power to an executive agency to achieve broad goals, for which the method of achievement is left undefined. Recall that this is the same agency that was responsible for the utter failure in responding to Hurricane Katrina. We are still coming to grips with the fallout from that disaster, which was made worse by the administration's incompetence during the storm, and its continuing failures to curb contracting abuses that have slowed the reconstruction. People along the gulf coast continue to suffer as a result of the administration's incompetence, and we are here debating whether to embark on yet another billion-dollar contracting folly. This is a disgrace.  This week, the U.S. inspector general for Iraq reconstruction released a report on a $75 million project to build the Baghdad Police College, which the inspector general called ``the most essential civil security project in the country.'' In his report, the inspector general called the project a ``disaster'' and said ``the truth needs to be told about what we didn't get for our dollar from Parsons,'' the contractor responsible for the debacle. For $75 million in taxpayer funds, the American people and the Iraq police forces got a building that is currently uninhabitable due to substandard workmanship, and which may have to be demolished.  When the Bush administration proves that it cannot even ensure that one of the most critical aspects of Iraq reconstruction is done competently, I shudder to think about the potential abuses that could come along with the building of 700 miles of fence. At the ratethat this administration's crony contractors are performing, I have to wonder if a fence ever could get built that didn't have gaping holes in it. Before we hand over even more authority to the Bush-Cheney administration to create yet another opportunity for their crony contractors to rip off the American people, maybe we should actually conduct some oversight and demand some sorely needed accountability.  Groups from all over this country, from all sectors of our society have weighed in against the building of this fence. From religious leaders to immigration advocates, from environmental organizations to trade associations, from women's rights organizations to academics; opposition to this last-minute, cobbled-together-proposal is widespread. It is clear to me that the idea of turning our country into a fortress is an idea that many Americans view as contrary to our values and our heritage, and I will stand with them in opposition to this bill.  The proposed footprint of this fence will trench through the sovereign territory of the Tohono O'odham Nation in Arizona, who will be precluded from any involvement in the project. Chairwoman Vivian Juan-Sanders of the Tohono O'odham Nation wrote Members of Congress urging legislators to rethink this proposal before we decide to significantly impair a fragile environment and a long-developed working relationship between the O'odham Nation and the United States government to improve border security. We would do well to listen to the concerns of those whom this bill will affect most.  Secretary Chertoff has said the border fencing provisions contained in the Senate's comprehensive immigration bill are what the department needs to secure our borders. During our debate on comprehensive immigration reform, Republican Senators held out Secretary Chertoff's desire for the 370 miles of fence as justification for supporting that amendment. Those same Senators who spoke so forcefully about the need for 370 miles of fencing now are saying we need more, nearly twice as much. It seems clear now that the arguments from those Senators meant very little.  For those who fear that voting against this bill will allow them to be viewed as ``soft'' on national security, remember that this body already passed a bill that contained provisions for a border fence, along with many other significant security measures. The American people are smart enough to understand what is going on here, and I am confident that the American people are sick and tired of being scared into swallowing every irresponsible proposal put forth by this Republican Congress under the guise of national security. Yesterday, a majority of this body voted to erode key elements of our Constitution beyond recognition, and passed a bill that I am certain we will come to regret. If we pass this fence legislation, we will continue this downward spiral of reactionary, fear-driven legislating. It is time for us to stand up against those who seek to corrupt the underpinnings of our democracy. I have had enough, and I suspect that a majority of the American people have had enough.  We need to stop and think about the mark a fence like this will make on our character as a nation. Once this fence is built, it will be very difficult to go back, and we will have taken a step down a road that I do not think a civilized and enlightened nation should travel. In a country on the cutting-edge of technology, with a history of legendary ingenuity, and driven by innovators of the highest caliber, we can do better: we can secure our borders through human innovation, technology, and vigilance. When we approach our immigration situation in a comprehensive manner, we will see how unnecessary this wall is. When we achieve comprehensive reform, rather than piecemeal false solutions, we will realize the security we need. Long after the political and cultural storms over immigration pass, this cobbled-together fence will remain an ugly scar, and will serve as a reminder of a very poor decision made out of fear rather than reason. Rather than strength, this fence will symbolize weakness and a lack of confidence in ourselves. I will vote against this bill, and I hope other Senators join me in rejecting this blatant and costly political stunt.  