President, it has been a difficult struggle to pass a measure to improve court security. It should not have been. This bill should have been enacted months ago with bipartisan support. I thank the Democratic leader, Senator Reid, the Senate Judiciary chairman, Senator Specter, and the assistant Democratic leader, Senator Durbin, for their leadership and hard work in finally passing the Court Security improvement Act of 2006, to increase protections for the dedicated women and men throughout the Judiciary in this country.  I hope the House of Representatives will take up and pass this measure. By so doing, they can bring to fruition before the end of this Congress our efforts to provide increased security, an effort that gained new urgency after the tragedy that befell Judge Joan Lefkow of Chicago. She is the Federal judge whose mother and husband were murdered in their home. As we heard in her courageous testimony in May 2005 before the Judiciary Committee, this tragedy provided a terrible reminder not only of the vulnerable position of our judges and their families, but of the critical importance of protecting judges both where they work and where they and their families live. The shooting last summer of a State judge in Nevada provided another terrible reminder of the vulnerable position of our Nation's State and Federal judges. We cannot tolerate or excuse or justify violence or the threat of violence against judges.  It is most unfortunate that some in this country have chosen to use dangerous and irresponsible rhetoric when talking about judges, comparing judges to terrorists and threatening judges with punishment for decisions they do not like. This rhetoric can only foster unacceptable violence against judges and it must stop, for the sake of our judges and the independence of the judiciary. Judicial fairness and independence are essential if we are to maintain our freedoms. Let no one say things that might bring about further threats against our judges. We ought to be protecting them physically and institutionally. Easy rhetorical pot shots put judges in real danger.  The bill that passes today is a consensus, bipartisan bill. I hope it is a model for what we can achieve with bipartisan cooperation in the 110th Congress. Its core provisions, which previously passed the Senate in June as part of the managers' package of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007, S. 2766, come from S. 1968, the streamlined Court Security Improvement Act of 2005, CSIA, which Chairman Specter and I introduced last November.  The bill responds to requests by the Federal judiciary for a greater voice in working with the United States Marshals Service to determine their security needs. It enacts new criminal penalties for the misuse of restricted personal information to harm or threaten to harm Federal judges, their families or other individuals performing official duties. It enacts criminal penalties for threatening Federal judges and Federal law enforcement officials by the malicious filing of false liens, and provides increased protections for witnesses. The bill also contains provisions making available to states new resources to improve security for State and local court systems as well as providing additional protections for law enforcement officers. In particular, I thank Chairman Specter for agreeing to include in the bill an extension of life insurance benefits to bankruptcy, magistrate and territorial judges.  Finally, the bill contains provisions that have passed the Senate severaltimes extending and expanding to family members the authority of the Judicial Conference to redact certain information from a Federal judge's mandatory financial disclosure. This expired redaction authority was used in circumstances in which the release of the information could endanger the filer or the filer's family. I hope that the House of Representatives finally takes up and passes this much needed extension and expansion of redaction authority.  We owe it to our judges to better protect them and their families from violence and to ensure they have the peace of mind necessary to do their vital and difficult jobs.  