4827. This is an amendment that the distinguished senior Senator from Missouri and I filed yesterday. It guarantees that $2.4 billion of the $13 billion included in the managers' package on Tuesday for the Army and Marine Corps be allocated for National Guard equipment. It does not add any money. It ensures that the promises that have already been made to the Guard about funding will be fulfilled and, also, of course, make sure we have a much needed infusion of equipment to the National Guard.  It follows an amendment that Senator Bond and I introduced last September to the Fiscal Year 2006 DefenseAppropriations, in the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. We realized, with the significant shortfalls in equipment available to the Guard at home for use in such natural disasters or other domestic emergencies, if, God forbid, we had another such tragedy, the Guard would not have had enough trucks, tractors, and communication gear across the country to adequately respond.  The problem then--and still is--that much of their equipment has been left in Iraq, where the National Guard has been indispensable.  Since the start of the war in Iraq, Guard units have deployed with their gear and then, after a year, they have left this gear for use by other units arriving in Iraq. Worse still, the National Guard has consistently been underfunded, leaving it with well less than the required equipment stocks.  These low levels of equipment threaten the Guard's ability to carry out the two critical prongs of its dual mission.  Two days ago, the top National Guard LTG Steven Blum, reported that more than two-thirds of the Army National Guard's 34 brigades are not combat ready, due largely to vast equipment shortfalls.  Almost a year after Katrina, the Department of Defense leadership--which is ultimately responsible for monitoring the Guard's capabilities--has yet to recognize this clear problem, let alone to develop a real funding plan to deal with the problem.  The $900 million included in last year's, Defense appropriations bill was only the beginning of addressing this major problem with shortfalls--a problem that General Blum himself estimates to total nearly $21 billion.  Congress has no choice but to act. That is why this amendment takes another step toward addressing the Guard's response capabilities at home. It adds $2.4 billion on top of the funding in the regular bill and bridge supplemental for the Guard to procure equipment--for items as diverse as remanufactured tanks, radios, medium-sized trucks, and command-and-control systems.  I would like to commend Senator Stevens and Senator Inouye, who were able to identify almost $340 million in National Guard and Reserve equipment in the committee markup of the baseline Defense bill. That number shows the enormous support that exists within the Defense Subcommittee, especially when the Senate Defense allocation was $9 billion below that set in the House of Representatives.  On behalf of our Guard units, our Guard members, and of all Americans who so acutely rely on their steadfast readiness and service, I urge my colleagues to vote now for a much-needed, higher level for the Guard.  This problem is so pressing and so severe that we cannot afford to lose momentum.  I just mention again, 2 days ago the top National Guard General, LTG Steven Blum, reported that more than two-thirds of the Army National Guard's 34 brigades are not combat ready.  We really have no choice but to act. This will not even begin to handle the problems, but it will be a good start.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to add, after Senator Bond's name and my name, Senator Menendez of New Jersey and Senators Lincoln, Dodd, Landrieu, Lautenberg, Dorgan, Mikulski, Harkin, Rockefeller, Baucus, and Jeffords as cosponsors.  