President, I appreciate what the Senator from Texas has said. I appreciate the colloquy and the days we spent trying to work through this issue. He and I talked about this before the break in August. I knew working with him we would work out a solution. I believe we have. It is a complicated solution for competition law and obviously important for Texas.  The Senate Judiciary Committee is responsible for ensuring competition--and thereby protecting consumers--through enactment and enforcement of antitrust laws. I support repeal of the Wright amendment, but the bill originally introduced by Senator Hutchison went well beyond a simple repeal. It would have explicitly insulated from competition review private agreements among competitors. Such insulation is inappropriate and unprecedented, and it is bad for consumers.  I am sensitive to the hard work that the cities of Dallas and Fort Worth, and the airport authority there, have put in to craft a solution to the complicated web of problems created by the Wright amendment. It is more than unfortunate that Congress permitted such a clearly anticompetitive situation to exist in the first place, and it is certainly our obligation to try to rectify that problem. Doing so in a way that creates a new set of anticompetitive issues--and the resulting harm to consumers--would only be to repeat the errors of the past.  I appreciate the changes we have been able to agree to, stripping the explicit antitrust exemption from the bill, and speaking only to the obligations of the city of Dallas, rather than blessing the agreement among the cities, the airport authority, and two airlines. I am still concerned, however, because while Congress is no longer explicitly deeming the contract in compliance with competition laws, an implicit protection from those important guardians of consumer welfare may remain.  The parties to the contract, both public and private, all assure me that the contract is not anticompetitive, and that the statute should not be read to create an exemption. I would prefer to be more precise in the statutory language, but I trust that they are correct. Senator Cornyn and I share a concern about providing antitrust immunity to agreements involving private parties. While I would prefer greater clarity on this point in the bill, I am pleased that Senator Cornyn and I agree that this is an entirely unique situation, which should not be repeated. I understand that in the view of the Senators from Texas, this unique situation requires a unique, if inelegant solution. I disagree and would have preferred a solution that more clearly preserves the antitrust laws. I have worked hard both with the affected parties and Senator Cornyn, to craft such a solution.  The similar respect Senator Cornyn and I have for preserving competition laws has made our conversations productive and moved the legislative process forward. While my concerns remain about this legislation, I am prepared to accept it. We have come a long way from where this process started with an explicit antitrust exemption.  I expect that in the future, legislation that may have anticompetitive effects will be referred to, and vetted by, the Senate Judiciary Committee so that concerns over competition can be handled in regular order and addressed early.  