President, for all of the recent talk from the majority about up-or-down votes, and allegations of Democratic obstruction on amendments, I find it astounding that the Republican majority has locked up Senator Enzi's bill and will not allow amendments to be offered. We now face exactly the type of obstruction the majority has decried so loudly. On a bill for which Senator Enzi has urged full debate, the Republican majority has now decided the Senate and the American people we represent should not get the benefit of the full legislative process. For example, I am being prohibited from offering an amendment to help prevent medical malpractice insurers from bid rigging, price fixing, and other anticompetitive behavior that hurts doctors and patients. For another, we are prohibited from offering an amendment to extend the arbitrary deadline for seniors to sign up for prescription drug benefits without a penalty. Why not provide our seniors more time and assistance in examining the prescription drug provisions that have frustrated so many? Seniors did not grow up in the computer age and many are not trained accountants who can sift through the confusion. They should not be penalized by an arbitrary cutoff date which could easily be extended.  This week, the Senate has already refused to proceed to legislation that would have abridged our citizens' access to justice when they are injured by medical errors. Those bills purported to lower medical malpractice insurance costs when, in fact, it is not payouts that have led to rising insurance premiums. The Senate has done the right thing by rejecting these bills once again.  The debate that preceded the votes demonstrated that capping medical malpractice awards is not the way to lower insurance premiums, which we all agree are unfair to the men and women who devote their lives to the care of others. There can be no disagreement that exorbitant insurance costs make it harder for medical professionals to do their jobs. Health care providers, like all Americans, deserve fair treatment in the marketplace. We also know that the insurance marketplace is unique, because unlike other business interests, insurers are not subject to some of the most important Federal antitrust laws.  High malpractice insurance premiums are not the result of malpractice lawsuit verdicts. This myth has been repeatedly discredited. They are the result of investment decisions by the insurance companies and of business models geared toward ever-increasing profits. But an insurer that has made a bad investment, or that has experienced the same disappointments from Wall Street that so many Americans have, should not be able to recoup its losses from the doctors it insures. The insurance industry should have to bear the burdens of its own business model, just as the other businesses in the economy do.  High malpractice premiums for doctors can occur because there is nothing stopping insurers in a soft market from collectively raising rates and stifling competition. Any other business would be prohibited from this activity, and I have heard no arguments as to why the insurance industry should be treated differently. The insurance industry is special because it is exempt from most Federal antitrust laws. The McCarran-Ferguson Act permits insurance companies to operate without being subject to those laws, and our Nation's physicians and their patients have been the worse off for it. Using their exemption, insurers can collude to set rates, resulting in higher premiums than true competition would achieve--and because of this exemption, enforcement officials cannot investigate any such collusion. If Congress is serious about controlling rising premiums, we must objectively limit this broad exemption in the McCarran-Ferguson Act.  The amendment I wanted to propose modifies the McCarran-Ferguson Act with respect to medical malpractice insurance, and only for the most pernicious antitrust offenses: Price fixing, bid rigging, and market allocations.Only those anticompetitive practices that most certainly will affect premiums are addressed. I am hard pressed to imagine how anyone could object to a prohibition on insurance carriers' fixing prices or dividing territories.  After all, the rest of our Nation's industries manage either to abide by these laws or suffer the consequences. If medical malpractice insurers are certain that malpractice lawsuits drive their rates, then there should be no reason to object to bringing their business within the reach of the same Federal laws that apply to all others.  Many State insurance commissioners police the industry well within the power they are accorded in their own laws, and some States have antitrust laws of their own that could cover some anticompetitive activities in the insurance industry. My proposal, which I wanted to offer, is a scalpel, not a saw. It would not affect regulation of insurance by State insurance commissioners and other State regulators.  But there is no reason to perpetuate a system in which Federal enforcers are precluded from prosecuting the most harmful antitrust violations just because they are committed by insurance companies.  This amendment is a carefully tailored solution to one critical aspect of the problem of excessive medical malpractice insurance rates. I am sorry that I was stopped by the Republican leadership and could not offer this narrowly drawn legislation as a positive step towards improving the American health care system, which would help ensure that doctors and patients are treated fairly.  