President, I am pleased the Senate has agreed to unanimously approve this legislation to rename the White Rocks National Recreation Area in the Green Mountain National Forest as the Robert T. Stafford White Rocks National Recreation Area. Along with Senator Jeffords, I introduced this legislation as what we believed is a fitting tribute to our friend and former colleague, Senator Robert Stafford.  Bob Stafford is an absolute giant in Vermont politics. He spent almost 30 years representing our great State first in the U.S. House of Representatives and then in the United States Senate. Prior to his arrival in Washington in the early 1960s, he served his fellow Vermonters closer to home holding a number of prominent State positions. He served as Rutland County prosecuting attorney, as Rutland County State's Attorney, as deputy State attorney general, and finally as our State's attorney general. From 1957-1959 Bob Stafford held the post of lieutenant governor, and in 1959 he went on to become Governor.  In 1960, Bob Stafford was elected to Vermont's sole seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. He won five successive reelections. In September 1971, he resigned his House seat to accept appointment to the U.S. Senate following the death of Senator Winston Prouty. After winning a special election in January 1972, Bob proceeded to represent Vermont in the Senate during the next 17 years. I had the distinct privilege ofserving with him during all but two of those years. During his Senate service Bob Stafford became a national figure of stature, of vision and of courage in his leadership especially on environmental and education policy issues and legislation. His legacy endures in his many legislative achievements.  To honor our friend, Senator Jeffords and I introduced this legislation to name the White Rocks National Recreation Area in the Green Mountain National Forest as the ``Robert T. Stafford White Rocks National Recreation Area.'' White Rocks is among his most beloved natural areas in Vermont, and Bob Stafford protected more land in our State than anyone who came before him. I know he and Helen could actually see the towering white cliff face of White Rocks Mountain from their home. By passing this legislation, the Senate honors our former colleague and our friend.  