President, I commend the Senator from New Mexico on his amendment. It improves the bill being considered by the Senate. The Bingaman amendment enhances our efforts to be tough and smart in immigration reform by providing State and local law enforcement agencies with additional assistance.  The Judiciary Committee sent a bill approved by a bipartisan vote of 12-6 to the Senate. It is a bill that is strong on enforcement. It is stronger than the bill introduced by the senior Senator from Tennessee, who started from the same place as the committee bill but did not include some of the enforcement measures added by amendment during Committee consideration and neglected some of the bipartisan improvements that we made. For example, the Frist bill does not include a provision added by the Committee at the urging of Senator Feinstein to make tunneling under our borders a federal crime. The committee bill adds new criminal penalties for evading immigration officers and the committee bill includes a Feinstein amendment to add 12,000 new border patrol agents, at 2,400 each year for the next 5 years.  The committee bill is enforcement ``plus.'' It starts with strong enforcement provisions and border security to be sure, but it is also comprehensive and balanced. It confronts the problem of 12 million undocumented immigrants who live in the shadows. It values work. It respects human dignity. It includes guest worker provisions supported by business and labor. It includes a way to pay fines and earn citizenship that has the support of religious and leading Hispanic organizations.  I continue to work with Chairman Specter in a bipartisan way to enact the committee bill. Our bill provides a realistic and reasonable system for immigration. Our bill protects America's borders, strengthens enforcement and remains true to American values.  The committee bill wisely dropped controversial provisions that would have exposed those who provide humanitarian relief, medical care, shelter, counseling and other basic services that help undocumented aliens to possible prosecution under felony alien smuggling provisions of the criminal law. I thank so many in the relief and religious communities for speaking out on this matter. Those criminal provisions should be focused on the smugglers, and under the committee bill, that is what we did.  The Committee also voted down a measure that would have criminalized mere presence in an undocumented status in the United States. Illegal status is currently a civil offense with very serious consequences, including deportation, but criminalizing that status was punitive and wrong. It would have led to further harsh consequences and trapped people in permanent underclass status. These criminalization measures, which were included in the House-passed bill supported by congressional Republicans and are reflected in the Frist bill, have understandable sparked nationwide protests. They are viewed by many as anti-immigrant and inconsistent with American values and history. The committee bill, while tough on enforcement and on the smugglers, is smarter and fairer.  The Bingaman amendment adds to our product. It is a constructive amendment. I hope that it will be supported by all Senators, whether Republican, Democratic or Independent. Border law enforcement agencies deserve our support as they are confronted with border-related criminal activity. I thank the Senator for including both the northern and southern borders in his concerns and within the coverage of his amendment.  The amendment recognizes the failures of the Federal Government over the last few years and its failure to provide adequate security along our borders. As the Senator from New Mexico has said, when such failures impose costs on local communities, the Federal Government should help.  The peaceful demonstrations around the country over the last few weeks call on the Congress to recognize the human dignity of all and to do the right thing, in keeping with longstanding American values. We need a comprehensive solution to a national problem. We need a fair, realistic and reasonable system that includes both tough enforcement and immigration reform provisions. All Senators should be able to agree with these principles.  I was glad to hear that President Bush was speaking recently about the need for a path to citizenship and the need for a comprehensive bill. Of course, as we proceed through their sixth year in office, the Bush-Cheney administration has still not sent a legislative proposal to the Congress on these matters. Instead of waiting, we have done the hard work and are writing a tough, smart, comprehensive bill.  