President, I am pleased to join Senator Specter, who is chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Feinstein, and others in urging my colleagues to move to this bipartisan bill.  Speaking of asbestos-related diseases, it is time for us to solve this dire situation. Victims have been waiting long enough for a comprehensive national solution. We have looked at this. The Senator from Nevada spoke of those who have suffered from silicosis. If we are going to talk about families, my grandfather, Patrick J. Leahy, a stonecutter in Barre, VT, died of silicosis of the lungs long before I was born. I never got to know my grandfather. My other grandfather, Pietro Zambon, immigrated to this country from Italy. He died of the same disease. We are not neglectful in that. We are well aware of it. We have designed this bill in such a way that those victims are not shut out.  This legislation is a product of years of difficult, conscientious negotiation. Built on what was done last Congress under former Chairman Orrin Hatch, we have crafted a fair and efficient plan that is going to ensure adequate compensation of thousands of victims of exposure, but it also gives due consideration to the businesses that should and will provide that compensation.  Asbestos has wreaked havoc on the lives of many, but it has also overwhelmed our Nation's court systems as it tries to compensate them.  We can talk about who gives and who doesn't. The fact of the matter is, the victims are the ones we should be most concerned about, and many of the victims--thousands of the victims in this country will get nothing unless this bill passes.  Senator Specter rightly calls this one of the most complex issues we have ever tackled. Look around the Chamber of the Senate. Of those who are here, I have been here the longest. Actually, only six Members of the current Senate have been here longer than I. I have not seen in that 31 years anything more complex.  Does that mean this is the bill I would have written? No. And it is not the bill Senator Specter would have written. It is a bill, though, that had to bring enough people together to pass. It should not surprise anyone to hear the interested groups, including labor, some of the businesses contributing to the trust fund, and their insurers, and the trial bar are each less than pleased with one part or the other. But that is the essence of legislative compromise, something I have learned in three decades.  We have kept the ultimate goal of fair compensation to the victims as the lodestar of our efforts. We have all had to make compromises on a variety of subsidiary issues to get this far, but we have achieved a significant and needed step toward a more efficient and more equitable method to compensate these victims. Right now, the fact is that only 42 cents out of every dollar spent on the burgeoning dockets of litigation in this area actually goes to the victims. That is a national disgrace. We can and must do better for all involved in this crisis. America can do better.  These victims need our help, and they need it now. This is, after all, one of the most lethal substances ever to be widely used in the workplace. Between 1940, when I was born, and 1980, more than 27.5 million workers were exposed to asbestos, and nearly 19 million of them had high levels of exposure over long periods of time. We know of some people who suffer from this illness because they washed the clothes of their loved ones who worked in these areas. They have been ravaged.  The economic harm caused by this, and the resulting bankruptcies, are a different kind of tragedy for everybody--for the workers and retirees, for shareholders, but also for the families who built these companies. In my home State of Vermont, the Rutland Fire and Clay Company is among the more than 70 companies that have declared bankruptcy due to asbestos liabilities. Do you think those victims are going to recover anything without this legislation?  The late Chief Justice Rehnquist declared the elephantine mass of cases cries out for a legislative solution. In additional opinions written by Justice Ginsburg, the Supreme Court has repeatedly called on Congress to act because ``a nationwide administrative claims processing regime would provide the most secure, fair, and efficient means of compensating victims.''  I agree. Our committee chairman agrees. The Judiciary Committee members on both sides of the aisle agree, and we hope others in the Senate will agree.  I am worried when I hear veterans being criticized for supporting this. They are brave. They are concerned that they have been badly injured, and they know this legislation will help them. Why shouldn't they support it? These brave veterans know they are not going to get any help otherwise.  Does business support it? The 600,000 members of the National Federation of Independent Businesses do, as well as hundreds of larger companies which are going to have to contribute.  Senator Specter has spoken of this, but think what we do in our bill. It is a distinct improvement over previous bills. We provide higher compensation awards for victims, with $1.1 million awards for victims of mesothelioma, $300,000 to $1.1 million to lung cancer victims, $200,000 for victims of other cancers caused by asbestos, $100,000 to $85,000 for asbestosis, and $25,000 for what we call mixed-disease cases, as well as medical monitoring and all the things he spoke of.  I am going to speak further on this as we go on. I suspect there will be more talk on it. But I hope Senators will allow this bill to go forward, will allow us to have a vote on it. As the Senator from Pennsylvania noted, we have other major things going on. I have been involved in that all day. I must admit, though, to the distinguished majority leader, if the Chair will permit me to note, I may have other things going on. We have other things going on in our family at this moment. I hope we are about to enlarge our family at this moment.  With that, I hope neither of our leaders will mind, but the senior Senator from Vermont is going to go home and hopefully sometime in the next few hours be together with the latest member of the Jackson and Leahy family.  I yield the floor.  