President, this bipartisan amendment I offer is on behalf of the distinguished Presiding Officer, Senator Coleman, Senator Kennedy, Senator Lieberman, Senator Chafee, Senator Harkin, Senator Bingaman, and Senator Sununu.  We have had unintended consequences because of changes made in immigration laws after September 11. Rightly so, they were modified to protect national security, but we made them so broad that many people have been prevented from entering our Nation, people who do us no harm.  The PATRIOT Act and the subsequent REAL ID Act modified definitions of ``terrorist activity'' and ``material support'' in order to block entry into the United States of individuals who assist terrorist organizations. On its face, that made sense. No one wants terrorists or their supporters to come here as refugees.  But the new law failed to recognize that many foreigners, including children, are forced against their will to give food, shelter or other assistance to terrorist groups.  It also defined ``terrorist organization'' so broadly that groups that arenot engaged in activities against civilians--freedom fighters that the U.S. Government once provided training and other material support to--like the Montagnards in Vietnam--are covered by this broad definition.  Our amendment would bring American laws once again into line with American values. It would give U.S. officials the ability to separate the victims from the aggressors, and it will bring our immigration laws into harmony with our government's foreign policy.  We can prevent the entry of those who would do America harm without closing our borders to genuine refugees who urgently need our help.  Let me give a few examples. A 13-year-old girl is kidnapped, she is forced to become a member of the Lord's Resistance Army in Uganda, become a soldier, basically a sex slave of one of the commanders. She is ineligible for admission as a refugee under current law. That is wrong. In fact, it is immoral.  The same goes for people who provide material support to FARC, the terrorist group in Colombia. The support they gave was digging graves for other victims of the terrorists or giving them food, or otherwise being shot themselves.  Or a Liberian woman who was kidnapped by a rebel group and forced to serve as a sex slave. She was also forced to cook and do laundry for the rebels, so she is considered to have given material support and she is barred. That makes no sense.  People who are barred for supporting a terrorist organization--which is broadly defined as any group of two or more people fighting a government--includes refugees who our own government has long supported.  The Vietnamese Montagnards, who supported the United States 35 years ago, are barred. Members of the Karen Tribe fighting against the Burmese junta are barred. Some anti-Castro Cubans are barred.  Afghans who fought with the Northern Alliance, and even the NATO soldiers who trained them, are barred. We never intended to do that.  After 8 months of interagency inertia, the Secretary of State recently issued a waiver for one group of Burmese refugees who live in a refugee camp in Thailand. The use of the waiver authority was long overdue and I welcomed the Secretary's action. But the waiver was too limited, and will help only a minority of those deserving help, who are waiting to be resettled here.  When the waiver was issued, the State Department asserted that it did not plan to extend it to other groups in the near future.  Infighting between executive branch agencies is preventing people who have been victimized in the most brutal ways from obtaining asylum.  The bipartisan amendment that we offer today modifies the law so that before the overly broad definition of a terrorist organization is applied to a group of two or more individuals, the Secretary of State must determine that the group engages in terrorist activity which poses a threat to U.S. nationals or the national security of the United States.  That is the right balance. It protects U.S. security, and it provides sanctuary for victims of repression.  Mr. President, how much time remains for the Senator from Vermont?  