President, I applaud Senators Feingold and Brownback for proposing an amendment to correct a seriously flawed provision that remains in the immigration bill that we are likely to pass. Under section 227(c) of the bill, Federal courts of appeals would be prohibited from granting an asylum seeker a temporary stay of deportation unless the alien could prove by clear and convincing evidence that the order of deportation is unlawful. In many cases, this is the same or an even a higher standard than an alien would be required to meet in order to win his or her case on the merits. This result has been described by one Federal court as ``Kafkaesque.'' It is also fundamentally unfair.  Judicial review is the failsafe that guarantees the rights of men and women when the law is interpreted incorrectly or when human emotion or bias overcomes impartiality. Judicial review helps define our constitutional democracy and is a value that is deeply embedded in our system of government. It would be a grave mistake for us to accept the provision in section 227(c) and to ignore the wisdom of the distinguished Federal judges who oppose this curtailment of their authority to decide these difficult cases with care and consistent with the traditional practices of the Federal judiciary.  A number of Federal courts of appeal are in agreement that the standard contained in section 227(c) is inequitable and unworkable. The Second Circuit has said that requiring this standard ``would lead to the anomalous result that . . . an alien would have to make a more persuasive showing to obtain a stay than is required to prevail on the merits, thereby permitting the removal of some aliens with meritorious claims against removal.'' The Seventh Circuit has said that ``[t]he ability to come back to the United States would not be worth much if the alien has been maimed or murdered in the interim. Yet under the [clear and convincing evidence standard] an alien who is likely to prevail in this court, and likely to face serious injury or death if removed, is not entitled to remain in this nation while the court resolves the dispute.''  Some will argue that this provision will prevent aliens from abusing the system by filing frivolous appeals simply to gain the stay of deportation. But it is unwise for us to sweep aside decent and humanitarian treatment for many meritorious petitioners to prevent a few from abusing the system. I think we need to consider very carefully whether we want to mandate that our Federal courts get into the business of remanding even one potentially meritorious petitioner back to certain torture or death before his or her appeal is finally decided. I hope others share my faith in the integrity with which our Federal judges carry out their duties and that these men and women are eminently capable of identifying and rejecting fraudulent or abusive cases without the need for the restrictive provision contained in the bill.  We cannot live up to our American values, which abhor torture and human rights abuses, and at the same time allow this provision to remain in this bill. I urge my fellow Senators to join me in supporting the amendment Senators Feingold and Brownback propose.  