President, I find it unfortunate that we do not hear any discussion by proponents of this legislation about what is best for patients injured or killed by medical errors. The debate in favor of malpractice award caps has been cast in terms of patient accessibility to health care, but what about patient safety? Capping noneconomic damages may benefit insurance companies, but it does nothing for victims and nothing to address the serious problem of preventable medical errors.  Despite all of the rhetoric and all the myths and misinformation about the so-called crisis facing our medical professionals, what about the fact that studies have estimated that medical errors kill up to nearly 100,000 people each year? How does capping what a victim can recover help address this tragic fact? Rather than having all the talk be about alleged physician shortages and phantom reductions in insurance rates, we should be looking at how to improve the quality of care patients receive and how to improve patient safety. This legislation does nothing to provide any incentive for health care providers to improve the safety of their services, drug companies to rigorously test their products, or nursing homes to provide responsible and compassionate care to our elderly citizens.  Aside from the fact that caps on non-economic damages will not address exorbitant insurance rates, such caps harm both women and children. The Wall Street Journal published an article in 2004 detailing the effects of California's non-economic damages cap. The article discussed how the California law has created two classes of malpractice victims: those who earn large amounts of money and get good representation, and those who do not and cannot find advocates willing to take on their cases. The effect is that many women who do not work, but raise children, cannot get representation because they cannot point to an annual salary that will be lost, and thus lawyers are reluctant to invest the hundreds of thousands of dollars necessary to litigate a meritorious claim. The same is true for children, whose recovery under this legislation would depend on often difficult estimates of the cost of future care. A California attorney quoted in The Wall Street Journal article summed up the California law's effect by concluding: ``We are saying to doctors and hospitals it's OK to kill somebody who comes from a poor family because ultimately they aren't going to have the same effect on our medical-malpractice insurance as somebody who comes from a rich family.'' The similar one-size-fits-all approach in this legislation is the wrong way to go.  I also question the timing of partisan legislation that will do nothing to address patient safety. As insurance rates, like gas prices, continue to soar to the benefit of corporate profits, as the number of uninsured continue to rise during this presidency, the Republican-controlled Senate seeks to take up partisan legislation that will help a few very powerful insurance companies become even more powerful. Rather than take up legislation to apply competitive antitrust principles to the business of insurance, the majority leader insists that we limit our actions to legislative proposals that will deprive citizens injured by medical errors a full measure of justice. Instead of taking up legislation to push the frontiers of life-saving medicine through stem cell research, we are going to debate whether we should make it easier for insurance companies to continue their predatory behavior at the expense of both doctors and patients. Instead of calling this a malpractice bill, we should call it a gift to the insurance companies bill.  In recent weeks, hundreds of thousands of Americans have taken to the streets in peaceful demonstrations to urge sensible and humane immigration reform and the public clearly wants Congress to address these issues and to strengthen our borders, and instead we are discussing how to dismantle our internal borders and tread on State sovereignty by nullifying State tort law. A war rages in Iraq in which our Nation's best and bravest are making the ultimate sacrifice to advance democracy, and meanwhile we are talking about how to curtail Americans' access to justice. Forty-five million people do not have health insurance in this country, and yet we are considering legislation that will make it harder for children who suffer lifelong injuries from medical errors to get the long term care they need. The gap between the richest Americans and everyone else continues to widen, but instead of taking up legislation to raise the minimum wage, the majority leader wants to shield lucrative insurance companies from having to pay fair awards to medical malpractice victims. Where in the majority leader's schedule are the American people's real priorities?  There are ways to improve health care. These bills do not do that. There are alternatives that address the high costs of medical malpractice insurance and patient safety, but they differ from the narrow approach we debate today. There are solutions to both the current high rate of medical errors, as well as high insurance costs, that will not further victimize patients or intrude into the sovereignty of State legislatures and citizens, but they are not brought before the Senate for consideration and action.  If we want to address high insurance costs, let us address the unhelpful practices within the insurance industry and find a real solution that does not penalize victims of medical errors. If we want to bring down the number of medical errors, merely cutting costs and increasing profits for insurance companies is not the way to go. Capping malpractice awards does nothing to treat the root cause of malpractice lawsuits. Let us put patients before insurance companies in this debate and find real solutions to the preventable medical errors that are occurring every day.  Some of us have proposed legislation to tackle the problem of rising insurance costs without taking away American citizens' access to justice. If we want to improve patient care and lower the number of medical malpractice claims, we need to find ways to prevent medical errors at the rate they occur now. That is common sense. Senator Obama has proposed the Hospital Quality Report Card Act of 2006 to provide accountability within those hospitals compensated through Medicare by requiring highly detailed reporting of safety procedures, patient accessibility, the incidence of errors and infections, and many other areas important to both patient safety the effectiveness of treatment. Senator Obama's bill would provide the information to help consumers make an informed decision about where to obtain treatment. It would provide the information necessary for hospitals to improve the safety and effectiveness of their services. It would allow insurers and purchasers of insurance to reduce the likelihood of claims by sending their insured customers and employees to the best hospitals available, and would allow doctors and policy makers to target areas in need of improvement. Senator Obama's bill puts the priorities of patient safety and health care improvement first. I commend the Senator from Illinois for this bill and I urge other Senators to join me in supporting it.  If we want to reign in the costs of insurance for health care providers, we must address the conditions within the insurance industry. I have proposed a bill along with Senator Kennedy to exempt medical malpractice insurers from the counterproductive McCarran-Ferguson Act. This bill would give regulators the tools necessary to prevent anti-competitive business practices that hurt doctors and patients. If medical malpractice insurers are artificially driving up the costs of insurance, we should stop it. Health care in our country is too important to allow profits at the expense of patients. We are not going to stop soaring insurance premiums by cutting off the access of victims to justice. We are going to stop them by stopping the anti-competitive behavior of the insurance companies. Again, health care in our country is too important to allow profit at the expense of patients, especially when in the last 6 years we have seen the highest increase in the number of uninsured Americans in my lifetime.  I urge other Senators to join me in rejecting legislation that will do nothing more than benefit profitable insurance companies under the guise of improving patient accessibility. Let us work together in a bipartisan fashion to come up with real solutions to theproblem of preventable medical errors. Let us find ways to end the abusive practices in assisted living facilities and nursing homes. Let us find ways to lower insurance costs without hurting victims. Those in need of care must be able to trust their doctors and health care providers without doubt. Elderly Americans deserve the best care that can be provided. Our doctors and other health care providers deserve to be treated fairly in the marketplace when purchasing malpractice insurance, and not be affected by artificial monopolies and price-fixing cartels. If we work together, we can make progress and make a difference.  I yield the floor.  