President, yesterday I spoke on the floor about amendment 3662 filed by Senator Feingold and cosponsored by myself and Senators Byrd, Salazar, Lieberman and Collins, concerning the Special Inspector General for Iraq.  In that statement I pointed out that because of the administration's decision to request funds for Iraq reconstruction under traditional Foreign Operations accounts even though the funds would be used to continue many of the same activities previously funded under the Iraq Relief and Reconstruction Fund, it would end the Special IG's oversight of these funds.  The Feingold amendment would have ensured that the Special IG's oversight continued, but the Majority opposed his amendment.  As a result, we now have only the State Department Inspector General to oversee these funds, even though that office has no people in Iraq and no capacity to undertake a job of this size and complexity any time soon.  I understand that my friend from Wisconsin went to the floor prior to the vote on cloture and waited for an opportunity to offer his amendment, but he was unable to obtain floor time. After cloture was invoked his amendment was ruled nongermane, and he was out of luck as far as getting a vote on his amendment.  The Special IG has uncovered widespread waste, fraud and abuse. Shocking sums have been wasted by unqualified contractors who spent the taxpayer's money as if it grew on trees, with little to show for it. Many projects that have absorbed millions or tens of millions of dollars will never be completed.  The Special IG has not won any popularity contests with the agencies whose performance he is responsible for overseeing, nor with some in the majority in Congress. However, they havenever offered a substantive explanation for ending his oversight of the Iraq reconstruction funds.  I do want to correct one of my statements yesterday, when I said that members of the majority party, in opposing the Feingold amendment, were ``acting on behalf of some in the Pentagon and the White House who want to shut down the office of the Special IG.''  I am informed that members of the majority party were not acting on behalf of the Pentagon and the White House. It was not my intention to impugn the integrity or character of my friends in the majority who I respect and have worked closely with for years, but rather to convey my strong disagreement and disappointment with their opposition to the Feingold amendment and to the continued oversight of these funds by the Special IG.  