President, of course, again, I will yield the floor if somebody else seeks time.  I do not mean this in an unfair way because the distinguished Presiding Officer, of course, is not allowed to speak. I commend him. He comes from a wonderful State. It has been my privilege to visit there. I suspect it is a lot like Vermont. You have a chance to go into these small towns and cities, to go to county fairs and meet people. I have known the Presiding Officer to be a very accessible person when he was a Governor, when he was a member of the Cabinet, and now as a Senator. I try to do the same thing in my own State.  During this past month, I have gone all over the State of Vermont. I have talked to people. I have attended funerals of brave soldiers killed in Iraq from Vermont. Vermont has lost more soldiers per capita than any other State in the country. And it is interesting, in a small State such as ours, as to the people you see at these funerals, everybody knows everybody else. I walk out and I see people whom I went to grade school with or people who knew my parents or I knew them or their families. We are there, and the other Members of the congressional delegation, the Governor, and nobody goes by a title. Our adjutant general is usually referred to as Mike. I am called Pat. There is Jim and Bernie and so on.  We're a very proud State. We're a very patriotic State. We're a very honest State. We're the 14th State in the Nation, and we have answered the call. People wonder if maybe the call has been distorted this time. They wonder what this war does for our security. As I said earlier, I believe it has made us less secure as a nation, not more secure. They wonder where the failures were in Government that allowed 9/11 to happen in the first place. And, of course, as more information has come out, it could have been avoided, should have been avoided, should have been avoided. And they wonder if the lessons have been learned about that.  They see Homeland Security that should be able to respond to any emergency, even that on a second's notice, and yet they see that it failed to respond to Katrina there was all kinds ofnotice. They see Republicans and Democrats joined together saying: Go get Osama bin Laden. And the administration does not get Osama bin Laden. Instead, they divert those forces to go into Iraq in a war we did not need and one that has made us less secure. They even disbanded the special intelligence unit that has been tracking Osama bin Laden.  But worse yet--and I heard this from Republicans and Democrats alike in my State--when the Secretary of Defense and others in the administration say if you raise questions, if you point out their mistakes, somehow you are aiding the enemy, however defined, that you are not being patriotic. I am reminded to paraphrase Mark Twain. He said: Love your country. Question your Government.  A lot of people in my State--Republicans and Democrats--say there is a great deal to question today.  I hope they will continue to do so. I hope they will never fail to do so. I hope that those people who have the audacity in America--the freest democracy on Earth--that those leaders in our Government who have the audacity to question the patriotism of Americans who question their mistakes will themselves be quiet and leave--leave the stage.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  