President, I join in introducing a bipartisan resolution to designate May 15, 2006, as National Peace Officers Memorial Day.  This is the tenth year running that I have been involved in the introduction of this resolution to keep alive in the memory of all Americans the sacrifice and commitment of those law enforcement officers who lost their lives serving their communities. For 8 years I introduced this resolution with my old friend and our former colleague Senator Campbell, a former deputy sheriff who was a true leader on this issue. Now I have teamed with Senator Specter, another former prosecutor, in this worthy cause. We have all witnessed firsthand the risks faced by law enforcement officers every day while they serve and protect our communities.  I also want to thank each of our Nation's law enforcement officers for their commitment to the safety and protection of their fellow citizens. They are the real-life heroes; too many of whom too often make the ultimate sacrifice. It is important to support and respect our state and local police officers and all of our first responders.  Currently, more than 850,000 men and women who guard our communities do so at great risk. Each year, one in 16 officers is assaulted, one in 56 officers is injured, and one in 5,500 officers is killed in the line of duty in the United States every other day. After the hijacked planes hit the World Trade Center in New York City on September 11, 2001, 72 peace officers died while trying to ensure that their fellow citizens in those buildings got to safety. That act of terrorism resulted in the highest number of peace officers ever killed in a single incident in the history of our country, and is a tragic reminder of how important it is for the Congress to provide all of the resources necessary to protect officers in the line of duty.  In 2005, 156 law enforcement officers died while serving in the line of duty, well below the decade-long average of 169 deaths annually, and a major drop from 2001 when a total of 237 officers were killed. A number of factors contributed to this reduction including better equipment and the increased use of bullet-resistant vests, improvedtraining and advanced emergency medical care. And, in total, more than 17,500 men and women have made the ultimate sacrifice.  In the 108th Congress, we shepherded into law a number of measures to make a difference in the lives of all police officers and the communities they serve. We improved the Justice Department's Public Safety Officers Benefits program by making law the Hometown Heroes Survivors Benefits Act, P.L. No. 108-182: which allows survivors of public safety officers who suffer fatal heart attacks or strokes while participating in nonroutine stressful or strenuous physical activities to qualify for Federal survivor benefits.  We also enacted the Campbell-Leahy Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act, P.L. No. 108-372, which extends through FY 2007 the authorization of appropriations for the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Program. This program helps State, tribal and local jurisdictions purchase armor vests for use by law enforcement officers.  Incredibly, President Bush has proposed significant cuts to the bulletproof vest program in his fiscal year 2007 budget proposal, but I will work with other Senators to make sure the program is fully funded. Bulletproof vests have saved the lives of thousands of officers and are a fundamental line of defense that no officer should be without. I know I am not alone in calling for the Senate to fully fund the bulletproof vest program and I truly hope Senators will agree that it is critical that we provide the funding authorized for this program. Hundreds of thousands of police officers are counting on us.  The Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act, which Senator Campbell and I championed in the Senate, was signed into law, P.L. No: 108-277. This measure established national measures of uniformity and consistency to permit trained and certified on-duty, off-duty or retired law enforcement officers to carry concealed firearms in most situations so that they may respond immediately to crimes across State and other jurisdictional lines, as well as to protect themselves and their families from vindictive criminals.  National Peace Officers Memorial Day will provide the people of the United States with the opportunity to honor the extraordinary service and sacrifice given year after year by our police forces. More than 20,000 peace officers are expected to gather in Washington to join with the families of their fallen comrades. I hope all Senators will join me in honoring their service by passing this important bipartisan legislation.  