 What are we doing? What is going on? That is outrageous. That is running scared. That is so wrong. Is he saying that for 5 years this administration has been allowing an ongoing invasion in the United States and we are not aware of it? Are we going to suspend the great writ on this basis?  To quote Kenneth Starr:       The United States is neither in a state of rebellion nor      invasion. Consequently, it would [be] problematic for      Congress to modify the constitutionally protected writ of      habeas corpus under current events.  I suppose the administration would say we are not modifying it. Heck, no, we are eliminating it. We are not modifying the writ of habeas corpus, we are knocking it out for all aliens.  I agree with those from the right to the left, we should not modify, and we certainly should not eliminate, the great writ of habeas corpus. I agree with hundreds of law professors who described an earlier, less extreme version of the habeas provisions of this bill as ``unwise and contrary to the most fundamental precepts of American constitutional tradition.'' And I agree with the former ambassadors and other senior diplomats who wrote to us saying that eliminating habeas corpus for aliens does not help America, it does not make America safer, but rather it harms our interests abroad and makes us less safe.  Maybe some of those who want to pretend how powerful they have been in military matters ought to talk to those who have been in the military and actually understand a time when we are reaping the mistakes of our folly in Iraq. Let us not expand it further. The United States, especially since World War II and the Marshall Plan, has been a beacon of hope and freedom for the world. How do we spread a message of freedom abroad if our message to those who come to America is that they may be detained indefinitely without any recourse to justice?  In the wake of the attack of September 11, and in the fact of the continuing terrorist threat, now is not the time for the United States to abandon its principles. Admiral Hutson was right to point out that when we do, there would be little to distinguish America from a banana republic or the repressive regimes against which we are trying to rally the world and the human spirit.  Now is not the time to abandon American values and to shiver and quake as though we are a weak country and we have to rely on secrecy and torture. We are too great a nation for that. Those are the ways of weakness. Those are the ways of repression and oppression. Those are not the ways of America. Those are not the ways of this Nation I love.  The habeas provisions of this bill are wrongheaded. They are flagrantly unconstitutional. Tinkering with them would not make them less wrongheaded but might make them less flagrantly unconstitutional. I see no reason to save the administration from itself and from the inevitable defeat when the Supreme Court strikes them down.  Why should those who take our oath to uphold the Constitution seriously, who understand the fundamental importance of habeas to freedom, find ourselves compromising with such an irresponsible provision?  That is why at the appropriate point the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee and I will offer just one amendment, to remove the habeas provisions from the bill in their entirety. That is the right thing to do. I should also add, that is the American thing to do. We would still be left with the disgraceful but less extreme habeas stripping provisions that we enacted earlier this year in the Detainee Treatment Act. But we would at least not make one bad mistake even worse. By not totally eliminating habeas for all aliens, we can reduce the damage to America's credibility as a champion of freedom and show the American people and the courts that Congress is not entirely cavalier when it comes to its constitutional obligations. We can show the world that this great Nation is not so frightened and so shaky and so quaky that we are going to have to give up the principles that made us a great nation.  Our amendment would reduce the grave harm that will be done if the bill before the Senate passes. It was not too late last night for the Republicans to make yet more revisions to this unconstitutional bill. It is not too late today for the Senate to make the bill a little less bad, a little less offensive to the values and freedom for which America stands.  This is one American who is not going to run and hide. This is one American who is not willing to cut down the laws of our Nation. This is one American who thinks these laws and our protections have made us great not only here but abroad. This is one American who thinks that our freedoms, our laws, our protections, are what attracted people from other countries, people from other countries who have fled oppression in their own country and fled a lack of rule of law in their own country, to come to America, where we have a rule of law.  I yield the floor.  