President, it is hard to put in words what I feel as I listen to my good friends, Harry Reid and Arlen Specter, Bill Frist and Mitch McConnell, saying such nice things. They are friends. We work together. Harry--I should say, following Senate protocol, the distinguished Senator from Nevada, Senator Reid--was kind enough to first and foremost mention my wife Marcelle. There is no conceivable way I could have accomplished any of this without Marcelle. She has been my guiding light for well over 40 years. Nothing I have done could I have accomplished without her.  Senator Specter was kind enough to hold up the picture of the latest member of our clan, Patrick Lucas Jackson. I think of that because I came here holding the actual pictures in my mind of my three children, Kevin, Alicia, and Mark, and their spouses, Carolyn, Lawrence, and Kristine, but also the pictures of four wonderful grandchildren: Roan, Francesca, Sophia, and now Patrick. To have them mentioned I realize there is another generation, and I hope their children will be proud of what their father does, but I especially hope the grandchildren, who will be the hope of our future, will feel the same way.  Bill Frist, the distinguished Republican leader, and Senator Mitch McConnell, the distinguished deputy Republican leader, were kind to speak of the landmine issue and things we worked out together--both of them being Senators who have done so much in that same area.  Sometimes we deal in issues people look at as just local issues or issues that affect only a few. What we have done in this case--Senator McConnell, who was so good to move to name the war victims fund the Leahy War Victims Fund--is something I will never forget; Senator Frist, who voluntarily goes into parts of Africa and elsewhere to use his medical skills. We talk of these kinds of things--the landmine issue; things Senator McConnell and I have done to bring medicine to parts of the world that never see it; efforts to eradicate polio, childhood diseases, to bring to people the ability to actually feed themselves. The people we help don't contribute to campaigns. When Senator McConnell and I pass a bill here on the floor, they don't know who we are. They do not know whether it is Republicans or Democrats. None of them know that. We will never meet most of them, but we like to think--I like to think--we have made their lives better.  We speak of what we bring to this body. We all come from different backgrounds. It is not just our political background; it is how we are raised, it is what our faith is. And if we believe in the best of what we learned when we were being raised or the best of what it is we believe in, then we have to help these people who will never be helped otherwise, and I have been proud to do that. I like to think what was instilled in me by my parents, Howard and Alba Leahy or in Marcelle by her parents, Phil and Cecile Pomerleau, brought about some of this, or just the upbringing in the special little State of Vermont.  I will close with this. I didn't expect to say anything, but I was kind of overwhelmed by what was said by a dear friend like Arlen Specter, whom I have known since we were both prosecutors, a job that some days we think was the best job we ever had. It made me reflect on what a great honor it is for all of us, Republicans and Democrats and Independents, to serve in this body. Only 100 of us get a chance to do it at any one time, and someday we will be replaced by others. What an honor it is to be here and what a responsibility it is.  I have seen the Senate go through many changes, but I have also seen the personal relationships the press doesn't see, the public doesn't see, the personal relationships we have built across the aisle and with each other. When we do, the country is better, the Senate is better, and people's lives are better.  I must say that I was awed and humbled the first day I walked on the floor as a 34-year-old to be sworn in, where 30 minutes before I was the State's attorney sitting in a county in Vermont and 30 minutes later was then the junior Senator from Vermont. I still feel that same awe every time I walk on this floor. The day I stop feeling that awe, I will stop walking here.  With that, I have said more than Vermonters usually do. I yield the floor.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  