President, I am pleased that the Judiciary Committee unanimously approved the Copyright Royalty Judges Program Technical Corrections Act, H.R. 1036, a bi1l that makes several important, noncontroversial, technical corrections to the Copyright Royalty and Distribution Reform Act of 2004. In particular, I am grateful to Senators Specter and Hatch for their efforts in the important work we have done, on this bill and so many others, over the years to strengthen our Nation's intellectual property laws. When Senators from different parties can collaborate as productively as we have on these tough issues, the legislative process is working the way it should.  The Copyright Royalty and Distribution Reform Act of 2004, which Senator Hatch and I jointly authored, modernized and improved the process by which certain royalty rates, such as those for small webcasters, are determined. Passage of the act was an important step toward creating laws that adequately protect and compensate makers of creative works. The Technical Corrections Act, H.R. 1036, makes truly technical corrections that shore up those laws and further preserve the traditional role of important intellectual property protections.  In addition to these technical corrections, I, along with Chairman Specter and Senator Hatch, offered an amendment that makes one more correction. Several copyright holders had brought it to our attention that under current laws, copyright royalty judges do not have the ability to allocate portions of cable and satellite royalties before the end of royalty distribution proceedings. This has resulted in more than $1 billion in cable and satellite royalties being withheld from rightful recipients. Our amendment rectified the problem by providing copyright royalty judges with explicit statutory discretion for partial distribution of royalties and was included in the legislation that the Judiciary Committee approved last week.  Now that the bill is on the floor, I urge my colleagues to move it quickly, by unanimous consent.  Mr. McCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported amendment be agreed to, the bill as amended by read the third time and passed, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements relating to the bill be printed in the Record.  