President, I will not speak for long. I do this because I wish to speak about the severe humanitarian crisis in Darfur, Sudan.  It has been almost 2 years since the Congress, in a bipartisan effort of both the House and Senate, declared the atrocities in Darfur, Sudan, to be genocide. That is a word not passed around easily in these halls.  Then, about a year and a half ago, the administration publicly reached the same conclusion. I know there was debate within the administration whether they would use that word. I commend President Bush for reaching the same conclusion.  What worries me, here is a case where the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the President of the United States, all came together to call the atrocities in Darfur, in our day and our age, genocide. But since those declarations, the United States and other nations have failed to devise an effective strategy to bring peace to the desperate people of that remote, war-ravaged region. The human cost of this failure has been unimaginable. It is staggering.  Earlier this month, President Bush celebrated International Women's Day. There is no cause for celebration for the women of Darfur, thousands of whom have been the victims of rape and other acts of sexual violence inflicted by Government security forces and the militias they support. They use rape as a method of terror.  There have been systematic massacres, rape, torture and the burning of hundreds of villages, homes--often with the families inside. Darfur has been pillaged and the lives of its people destroyed.  The Government of Sudan has repeatedly attempted to disguise its role in the violence so it has been impossible to ascertain an accurate death toll, but somewhere between 200,000 and 300,000 people have died of murder or starvation.  Many thousands more have ended up in squalid refugee camps after their homes have been reduced to ashes by the Government-sponsored jinjaweit militias.  At the same time this is happening, we see Sudan's President, Omar Hassan al-Bashir, squander $4.5 million, in this desperately poor country, to purchase a 118-foot, 172-ton Presidential yacht so he can entertain foreign dignitaries and create a perverse facade of Sudanese progress and sophistication.  This is progress and sophistication, or a reflection of the ego of a leader? Is it progress and sophistication, that children have been murdered and members of the family murdered in front of other members of the family?  Then, to make this even worse, the President of Sudan, in order to transport it by land from Port Sudan to Khartoum, required severing 132 electric lines, plunging neighborhood after neighborhood into temporary darkness.  It is difficult to conceive of the level of greed, arrogance, and twisted logic that would cause the leader of a desperately impoverished country to waste millions of dollars on a ridiculously ostentatious yacht to cruise the Nile River while thousands of the Sudanese children he is supposed to be protecting have fallen victim to the jinjaweit's brutality.  Tens of thousands more are at serious risk of death by starvation, malnutrition, disease, and mayhem. Under Secretary General for Humanitarian Affairs, Jan Egeland, recently stated that Darfur has returned to ``the abyss'' of early 2004 when the region was ``the killing fields of this world.''  The scale of atrocities occurring in Darfur is appalling. For too long the international community has been doing too little, hoping against reality that somehow the situation would improve.  Instead, in recent weeks we have seen the violence spread across the border into Chad. The Government of Sudan is actively exporting the Darfur crisis to its neighbor by providing arms to the jinjaweit and allowing them to attack Chadian refugees and villagers, seizing their livestock and killing anyone who resists.  As a result, 200,000 of the residents of Chad have been forced from their homes. They have become displaced people in their own country.  Earlier this month, the Senate, and rightly so, unanimously passed S. Res. 383. It calls on our President to take immediate steps to help improve security in Darfur. The resolution proposed a no-fly zone over Darfur and the deployment of NATO troops to support the African Union forces currently on the ground.  The African Union has done its best, but with only 7,000 troops, inadequate resources, and a weak mandate to patrol this vast area, it has been unable to prevent the militias from continuing to attack civilians with impunity.  I strongly support a role for NATO to bolster the African Union's mission, until the U.N. peacekeeping mission can be fully deployed, which could take a year or more.  Only a few nations have the trained troops to contribute and their numbers are stretched thin among many of the U.N. missions around the world. But NATO troops on the ground could reinforce the African Union force with their superior command and control and intelligence-gathering capabilities.  Until recently, the Bush administration refused to support additional troops. However, in the last several weeks, President Bush has shown a renewed interest in Darfur. On March 9, in a hearing before the Senate Appropriations Committee, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice testified the administration is committed to the deployment of a larger peacekeeping force, and I agree with her on that.  Despite the encouraging rhetoric, the administration continues to underfund the African Union mission. The $161 million requested in the Fiscal Year 2006 supplemental request for peacekeeping in Darfur will only cover the U.S. share to sustain the current number of troops.  It will not do anything to pay for the additional troops that President Bush has finally acknowledged that we need. With people dying needlessly every week, the President must address the Darfur crisis more urgently.  Earlier this week, I was pleased to cosponsor an amendment, which was accepted, to the FY 2006 Emergency Supplemental Appropriations bill to add $50 million in peacekeeping funds for Darfur.  The funds in the supplemental bill for peacekeeping in Darfur were barely adequate to support the current African Union mission through the rest ofthis fiscal year. The additional $50 million will go to training and equipping the African Union force that has done its best despite scarce training and too little heavy equipment.  There is no question the Government of Sudan bears a great deal of responsibility for the crimes against humanity that have occurred and continue to occur within its borders, and now in eastern Chad.  It has sponsored brutal militias, hampered the African Union peacekeepers, and impeded the work of the international relief organization.  Most recently, it has opposed reconstituting the African Union force as a U.N. force, presumably fearing that the United Nations could pose a challenge to its own ability to act with impunity in a part of the world that is often beyond the spotlight of public scrutiny.  But we in this country, the richest, most powerful Nation on Earth, a country blessed with so many advantages, have done too little to stop the genocide in Sudan. Many more lives could have been saved if we and other nations had shown stronger leadership.  This is not just an economic or military issue; this is a moral issue. With all the blessings this country receives, we have a moral responsibility to stop genocide.  In our history, we have known what has happened when we have moved too slowly when we had a chance to stop genocide. We either moved too slowly or we did not move at all when genocide occurred.  Let us match the rhetoric with resources to support the number of troops needed to do the job. Let us set an example by our own leadership to the rest of the world that we will put an end to the violence. This is something on which I believe all Americans--Republicans and Democrats--would agree. It is something that, if we believe in a higher calling, we will do.  I yield the floor.  