President, I join Senator Snowe and others in supporting this legislation to provide additional funding for the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program, LIHEAP.  This legislation will shift the $1 billion in fiscal year 2007 funding, which we recently enacted in the budget reconciliation bill, to the current fiscal year, so it can be used this winter. Providing these needed funds in this way is not the best approach to get this done, but with Vermonters facing record heating bills and no other choices available to us at this crucial juncture, we cannot allow the perfect to be the enemy of the good. The fact is the burden of record heating prices this winter could financially wipe out many families and elderly Vermonters. No family in our Nation should be forced to choose between heating their home and putting food on the table for their children. No older American should have to decide between buying life-saving prescriptions or paying utility bills. Unfortunately, these stark choices are a reality for too many Vermonters and for too many other Americans across the Nation.  This legislation will bring the total funding available for LIHEAP in fiscal year 2006 up to nearly $3 billion. Certainly more is needed. That is why I have voted four times to increase LIHEAP funding to $5.1 billion. Bipartisan amendments offered to the Department of Defense appropriations bill, the Transportation, Treasury, and HUD Appropriations bill, the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations bill, and the tax reconciliation bill received a majority of the Senate's support. Unfortunately, the majority party would not allow these amendments the opportunity for straight up-or-down votes, and we were blocked from securing these needed supplements for LIHEAP in our earlier efforts.  The Energy Information Agency forecasts that households heating with natural gas will experience an average increase of 35 percent over last winter. Households heating with oil will see an increase of 23 percent, and households using propane can expect an increase of 17 percent. Compounding these difficulties for families needing this help, wages are not keeping pace with inflation. The Real Earnings report by the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that the average hourly earnings of production and nonsupervisory workers on private nonfarm payrolls were lower in December 2005 than they were a year ago, after accounting for inflation. Working families are continuing to lose ground, meaning more families also need LIHEAP assistance this year. Paychecks are being stretched thinner as families face higher prices for home heating, for health care, and for education. Vermont families and seniors need this relief from high energy costs, and they need it now.  As I have said, this is not my preferred approach to providing LIHEAP funding, but Vermonters cannot wait for a better option. This help is needed now. I call on the leadership in the House of Representatives and on President Bush to support this legislation and to ensure its immediate enactment. I also urge the administration to join the bipartisan majority in Congress to replenish LIHEAP funding for next winter.  