President, I hope that Republicans will not succeed in derailing comprehensive immigration reform through procedural gamesmanship. I hope the bipartisan coalition is strong enough to withstand this ploy. With respect to funding, I find it ironic that the Senator who added a billion dollars to the bill is now complaining that it is too expensive and that so many in the Republican majority who have failed to enact a budget and have violated the requirements of the law by their failure are considering using budget rules to defeat this measure.  We are long past the time when individual Americans dutifully file their taxes and the Congress is required to enact a Federal budget. That date, April 15, has both those legal requirements. But unlike filing tax returns and paying our income taxes, there is no provision in the law that allows the Republican-controlled Congress to call a timeout or obtain an extension. Although Republicans remain in charge of the White House, the Senate, and the House, they have utterly failed to enact a Federal budget. With respect to the budget, they have succeeded in turning the largest budget surplus in our history into the largest deficit. They have run unprecedented annual budget deficits for year after year of $300 billion to more than $400 billion. They have turned a $5 trillion surplus into a $9 trillion deficit. For Republicans to attempt to take advantage of technical budget rules in these circumstances is simply astonishing. I trust that the only affect will be to remind the American people of their gross budgetary mismanagement.  This bill is expensive to be sure. The enforcement provisions it contains and those that have been added will come at significant costs. When the Senate was considering the amendment proposed by the Senator from Alabama for $1 billion in fencing, I raised the question of how he intended to pay for these measures. I still await an answer. The billions this bill will cost now have not been accounted for and are not budgeted. Paying for the National Guard is requiring the diversion of funds that had been intended for capital accounts and technological improvements. We heard last week from the chairman of the Homeland Security Appropriations Committee about his frustrations and the difficulties of funding these measures.  I trust that the bipartisan coalition working for improved border security as part of comprehensive immigration reform will hold together to overcome procedural, technical, and budgetary objections. I have already suggested ways to pay for these costly enforcement and security measures. I did so last week in connection with the $1 billion fencing amendment of the Senator from Alabama.  After noting the irony of the President signing into law an extension of tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans, I suggested that we end the millionaires' tax breaks and direct those revenues to border security. If we want to return to pay-as-you-go budgeting, that is an obvious way to do it.  