President, information is vital and sometimes lives depend on it. Is it not in the interests of all Americans to have every member of our society as well-informed on matters of health, safety and our democracy as possible? Do we really want to restrict government publications and communications, such as those on disaster preparedness, public health concerns, if there is an avian flu pandemic, to English only? We have recently seen the extensive and effective reach of Spanish radio in this country. Would we not want to employ that resource in a crisis? Do we really want to tie our hands and require Congress to pass a special statute every time health and safety materials, for example, would be useful?  We already have statutes that call for bilingual election materials to assist language minorities in accordance with our commitment to making participation in voting fair and meaningful. We know that there are many circumstances in which effective access to information requires communications in many ways and many languages.  Would it not have been useful for the President to try to sell and explain the Medicare drug benefit plan with all its complications and permutations in many languages in order to reach the most possible beneficiaries? Do we really intend to require such obviously beneficial actions to need a special statutory authorization? Should we review agency requirements to take warnings in languages other than English off our airlines and automobiles and dangerous equipment? Are we going to stop providing court translators and require all court proceedings, which are themselves official government proceedings, to occur in English, only to the detriment of fairness and justice?  Are we going to go back into the Congressional Record and scrub the statements of Senators Martinez and others who have used Spanish here on the floor? If I recall correctly, the Senator from Oklahoma has spoken on this floor in Spanish. Would this amendment make his use of Spanish illegal--or does the Constitution's ``speech and debate'' clause mean that the rule that he is asking us to adopt applies to everyone else but not to Senators?  Now, the distinguished Senator from Tennessee is on the Senate floor. It was only a few weeks ago that we worked together to adopt the Alexander amendment to S. 2454, the immigration bill we debated in April. 