President, I will use part of that time.  Today we are considering the nomination of Alice Fisher for the position of Assistant Attorney General of the Criminal Division of the U.S. Department of Justice. We have less than 2 weeks left in the legislative session before we recess for the elections. The Republican leadership has once again delayed doing the work of the American people so they can consider a nominee about whom many questions remain.  We are being required to consider this nomination despite unanswered questions regarding her role in the administration's controversial, questionable detainee treatment policies. Of course, on these questions, as on so many other matters involving torture and detainees at Guantanamo, the administration has refused to provide Congress with the information it has sought.  As I said 2 weeks ago when the President re-nominated five extremely controversial choices for lifetime positions on the Nation's highest courts, I continue to be disappointed in the misguided priorities of the Bush-Cheney administration and, in fact, the rubberstamp Senate Republican leadership. I really think all Americans--Republicans and Democrats--would be better served if we used the few remaining weeks of this legislative session to address vital, unfinished business, such as the war in Iraq. That might be something the American people would really like to see us debate, the war in Iraq. We haven't had a real debate on it since we saw that huge sign a few years ago behind the President that said: ``Mission Accomplished.'' He was dressed up like Tom Cruise in ``Top Gun'' and put up the sign that said: ``Mission Accomplished.'' I guess they decided it was all over; why debate it?  It would be nice if we enacted a Federal budget. The law says--the law says, and I say this to my law-and-order friends who control the agenda, my Republican friends who control the agenda--the law says we have to have a budget passed by April. We didn't do it in April or May or June or July or August, now September. We are all law and order around here, but apparently we think we don't have to follow the law.  Of course, we are supposed to pass the 11 remaining required appropriations bills by the end of this month. It doesn't look like that is going to happen.  We talked about enacting lobbying reform and ethics legislation. I remember the Republican leadership having a wonderful press conference, just absolutely wonderful--just touched by it--especially knowing they would never bring up the legislation.  It would be nice to address the skyrocketing cost of fuel. I don't think any one of us goes home where we don't hear about the cost of gas, but we don't do anything about that.  People talk to me about health care. We don't do anything about that, either.  How about a bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform bill? I stood outside the White House and praised President Bush for his support of a comprehensive immigration reform bill. He told several of us in a long meeting--and I think he was passionate about it--that we needed to have one. When a 30-vehicle caravan of Vice President Cheney's with sirens wailing came up to the Hill today, I don't think they were saying: Let's pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill.  But what we can do is controversial nominations--not the items the law requires us to do but the things the fund-raising letters require.  In this case, we have an interesting nominee to be the head of the Criminal Division for the Justice Department. She has never prosecuted a case. She has minimal trial experience. But she is going to be the head of the Criminal Division of the Justice Department. Her career has been spent almost entirely in private practice.  She is a longtime protegee of Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, who was in overall charge of cleaning up after Katrina, which I know will happen some day. So after being his protegee, she is rewarded with the post of heading the Criminal Division of the Justice Department.  I did not block her from coming out of the Judiciary Committee. We had a voice vote on June 16 of last year. But then concerns arose about her role, while Mr. Chertoff's deputy, in meetings in which controversial interrogation techniques used on detainees at the Naval Facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, were discussed and decided upon with the Department of Defense. There remain questions about whether Ms. Fisher attended those meetings and her role in determining how these detainees would be questioned and treated. What did she know? When did she know it? What did she do about it? They are simple questions: What did she know? When did she know it? And what did she do about it? None of that has been answered.  This administration has yet to come clean to the Congress or to the American people in connection with the secret legal justifications it has generated and practices it employs. They can't dismiss these outrageous practices at Guantanamo as the actions of a few ``bad apples''. With the Senate adoption of the antitorture amendment last year, the recent adoption of the Army Field Manual, and 5 years of the Bush-Cheney administration's resistance to the rule of law and resistance to the U.S. military abiding by its Geneva obligations, that may be finally coming to a close. Of course, we can't even be sure of that, given that despite the great fanfare surrounding the law against torture, we had a Presidential Signing Statement that undermined enactment of the antitorture law and basically said the President and those he designates can work outside the law.  Now, I remain troubled by the nominee's lack of prosecutorial trial experience. There have been people who have held this position--Mr. Chertoff, James Robinson, William Weld--who were seasoned Federal prosecutors. In her case, she would be supervising people who have to prosecute and make judgment calls on very complex cases. They would have to decide whether to go forward. She will be the one to finally sign off on that, but she has never prosecuted a case. It is sort of like saying you are going to be the head brain surgeon; however, you have never really been in an operating room, you have never seen a brain, but there you go.  Even more troubling, perhaps, is the fact that there are so few senior officials at the Justice Department who do have experience in criminal prosecution. I agree with the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Senator Specter, who has noted: The lack of criminal experience at the top of the Department ``does concern me.'' He said that while there were lots of ``first-class professionals'' throughout the ranks of prosecutors, ``there are tough judgment calls that have to be made at the top, and it's good to have some experience on what criminal intent means when you have to make those decisions.''  Both Senator Specter and I are former prosecutors. We understand that.  I also share the concern of the distinguished senior Senator from Michigan, Senator Levin, with the uncertainty about Ms. Fisher's role as Mr. Chertoff's deputy in the development and use of controversial detainee interrogation techniques. Despite repeated requests from Senator Levin, who is, after all, the ranking member and a past chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, joined by others, the Justice Department refused to satisfy Senators on these points. As a result, concerns remain whether Ms. Fisher had knowledge of the abuse of detainees at Guantanamo and what, if any, action she took. The rubberstamp Republican leadership of this Congress has gone along with the administration and said: You can't have the information.  Sometimes holding this stuff back creates far more of a problem than just telling the truth out front. If FBI Director Mueller had been more forthcoming with me at, or after, the May 2004 hearing in which I asked him what the FBI had observed at Guantanamo, we could have gotten to a detention and interrogation policy befitting the United States years sooner than we have. But rather than answer a simple, clear question, it is easier to stonewall.  If the administration had been forthcoming with Congress in October of 2001 when it decided secretly to flout the FISA law and conduct warrantless wiretaps of Americans, we could have avoided 5 years of lawbreaking, and we could have had a more effective surveillance program targeted at terrorists, not Americans.  In other words, every time they cover up, things get worse. Just tell the truth, be open, and things get better. If the administration had answered me when I asked over and over about the Convention Against Torture and about rendition, we could have come to grips with those matters before they degenerated, as they have, into what has become an international embarrassment for the United States. Former Secretary of State Colin Powell, a former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, now acknowledges it threatens our moral authority on the war on terrorism. Again, if the administration had honestly answered years ago, we could have cleared it up, and we wouldn't be in a case where the rest of the world looks at us now and asks us what we are doing.  Just today, a Canadian commission, having studied it, reports that a Canadian citizen, Maher Arar, who was returning from vacation--a Canadian citizen, a Canadian citizen--was arrested by American authorities at JFK Airport in New York. He was held for 12 days, not allowed to speak to a lawyer or a Canadian consular official, and he was then turned over not to Canada, which was 200 miles away, but to Syria where he was tortured, thousands of miles away.  So here is what the United States is faced with. We seized a person from another country in New York, we don't allow him to speak to a lawyer, and we don't allow him to speak with his consular official from his own embassy. We don't send him back to his country, where if he is wanted for something they could arrest him--it is, after all, about a 5-hour drive to the Canadian border--instead we ship him thousands of miles away to be tortured in a Syrian prison, incidentally done without the knowledge of the Canadians.  Now, I know how Senator Levin must feel because all of my efforts to get to the bottom of this case have also been brushed aside by the Bush-Cheney administration. Over the years, I have yet to get a satisfactory explanation. The Canadian commission, though, found he had no ties to terrorists. He was arrested on bad intelligence, and his forced confessions in Syria reflected torture, not the truth. We know if you torture somebody long enough, they will say anything you want.  The United States should acknowledge what it did, but instead, it uses legal maneuvers to thwart every effort to get to the facts and be accountable for its mistakes. No matter how egregious the mistake, no matter how many international laws are broken, nobody ever admits a mistake around here.  Now, I certainly understand, if somebody votes against this nomination, it may be a vote not so much against Ms. Fisher, but a vote against this administration's stonewalling and going it alone to the detriment of the interest of the United States and the safety, security, and rights of all Americans.  Last month, our Nation commemorated the one-year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina and the devastation it wrought. We haven't done much to clean it up at Homeland Security, but it is the one-year anniversary. Last week, our Nation commemorated the fifth anniversary of the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil in our Nation's history. These twin tragedies--one caused by nature, one caused by terrorists--serve as somber, but ever present, reminders that our Nation is still not secure. One year after this administration's appalling foot-dragging, incompetent, and wasteful response to Hurricane Katrina, our Nation still has citizens on the Gulf Coast who do not have homes to return to or jobs waiting when they get there. Five years after 9/11, our country still lacks an effective international strategy to protect the American people from terrorism. We need to refocus our efforts and our resources where they belong: on providing real security for the American people. America can do better. The full agenda before us as we enter the final weeks of this legislative session reflects how, even though one party controls the White House, the House of Representatives, and the Senate--even though we have a one-party Government--these Republicans have failed, at our Nation's most pressing hour, to provide this country with leadership.  Mr. President, I see the distinguished Senator from Texas on the Senate floor. I reserve the remainder of my time, and I yield the floor.  