Thousands of innocent Iraqi men, women and children have died as a result of suicide bombs, shootings, improvised explosive devices, or from tragic mistakes at U.S. military checkpoints.  There is not enough time today to discuss this issue in depth. There are too many incidents, and too many issues, from the widespread and inappropriate use of cluster munitions in populated areas which indiscriminately and disproportionately injure and kill civilians, to the despicable acts of terrorism that are designed to cause the maximum amount of suffering among innocent people.  I do want to mention that both the Department of Defense and the U.S. Agency for International Development have programs in both Iraq and Afghanistan to provide condolence payments or assistance to civilians who have been injured or the families of those killed as a result of U.S. military operations. The USAID program is named after Marla Ruzicka who died in a car bombing in Baghdad on April 16, 2005, at the age of 28. Marla devoted the last years of her life getting assistance to innocent victims of the military operations in Afghanistan and Iraq, and the organization she founded, Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict, continues to work on these issues in both countries.  The Pentagon's condolence program, which is administered by Judge Advocate General officers in the field, provides limited amounts of compensation depending on the nature of the loss. The program has suffered from some administrative weaknesses which I will speak about at greater length at another time. However, it does represent an acknowledgement by U.S. military commanders that it is neither right, nor is it in our interest, to turn our backs on innocent people who have been harmed as a result of our mistakes.  I also want to mention a June 6, 2006, Wall Street Journal article entitled ``U.S. Curbs Iraqi Civilian Deaths In Checkpoint, Convoy Incidents,'' and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  