President, my amendment No. 3154 to the budget resolution would restore much-needed funding to the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program. The administration's budget slashes this program by $20 million, which amounts to a 63-percent cut to a program that helps save the lives of law enforcement officers nationwide by providing State and local law enforcement agencies with the resources to help buy body armor for their officers.  My amendment supports the allocation of $41 million in funding for bulletproof vest partnership grants to fully fund it at the authorized level of $50 million in fiscal year 2007. The increase in funds is offset by discretionary spending reductions.  Our former colleague Senator Campbell and I authored the Bulletproof Vest Grant Partnership Act of 1998 in response to the tragic Carl Drega shootout in 1997 on the Vermont-New Hampshire border, in which two State troopers who lacked bulletproof vests were killed. The federal officers who responded to the scenes of the shooting spree were equipped with life-saving body armor, but the State and local law enforcement officers lacked protective vests because of the cost.  We have successfully reauthorized this program three more times: in the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Grant Act of 2000, in the State Justice Institute Reauthorization Act of 2004, andmost recently as part of the Violence Against Women and Department of Justice Reauthorization Act of 2005. It is now authorized at $50 million per year through fiscal year 2009.  Year after year, the Bulletproof Vest Partnership Program saves the lives and spares injuries of law enforcement officers nationwide by providing more help to State and local law enforcement agencies to purchase body armor. Since its inception in 1999, this highly successful DOJ program has provided law enforcement officers in 16,000 jurisdictions nationwide with nearly 350,000 new bulletproof vests. In Vermont, more than 150 municipalities have used this partnership help to purchase 1,400 vests. Without the assistance this program offers, I daresay there would be close to that number of police officers without vests in Vermont today.  Compounding the ongoing funding needs to help purchase vests, concerns from the law enforcement community over the effectiveness of body armor surfaced nearly 2 years ago when a Pennsylvania police officer was shot and critically wounded through his relatively new Zylon-based body armor vest. In August 2005, the Justice Department announced that test results indicated that used Zylon-based vests may not provide the intended level of ballistic resistance. Unfortunately, an estimated 200,000 of these faulty vests have been purchased--many with vest partnership funds--and now need to be replaced.  We know that body armor saves lives, but the cost has put these vests out of the reach of many of the officers who need them. This program makes it more affordable for police departments of all sizes. Few things mean more to me than when I meet Vermont police officers and they tell me that the protective vests they wear were made possible because of this program. This is the least we should do for the officers on the front lines who put themselves in danger for us every day.  I want to make sure that every police officer who needs a bulletproof vest gets one. If the Senate approves this amendment to fully fund this program at $50 million, then we will be on our way to helping ease the burden faced by officers and their families and to further our mission to provide every police officer who needs a safe vest with the means to purchase one.  