President, for those of us who have served in the Senate for the past 5 years, the irony of the amendments before us today is inescapable. Had the Bush administration fulfilled its promises over those years and lived up to its rhetoric about bolstering our Nation's border security, there would be no need for the emergency supplemental spending amendments proposed by the distinguished chairman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee and the Democratic leader.  The administration's failure on this front has not gone unnoticed. In December of 2005, the 9/11 Commission's Report Card gave the Bush administration a `D' grade for its efforts on border security, and specifically, for its failures in fostering international collaboration to improve border security. This is particularly disappointing in light of the grandiose statements in February 2001 in which the President heralded a new era of cooperation with President Vicente Fox on immigration and border issues.  For all its talk and swagger about security, the Bush-Cheney administration has not lived up to its public promises. Just last month we heard about nuclear material being successfully smuggled across our borders in a sting operation. Not long after that bombshell, a U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services employee, Michael Maxwell, testified before a House subcommittee about an astonishing culture of corruption, and misdirected priorities in the agency within the Department of Homeland Security charged with processing immigration applications. For an administration that has regularly touted its commitment to national security, it is incomprehensible that the type of behavior Mr. Maxwell testified about was occurring in one of our most critical border security agencies.  You do not have to take my word for it or read the New York Times to see criticism of this administration's competence when it comes to border security. Take just one day's worth of reports from the Washington Times, one of the most conservative papers in the country. On Tuesday, that paper ran a front page story in which it reported that U.S. law enforcement officials say that ``[h]undreds of Mexican nationals who wear government-issued uniforms, carry official identification cards and are authorized to use weapons are helping smugglers move tons of drugs into the United States.'' This follows numerous reports of uniformed incursions into the United States.  On page 3 we read that the Homeland Security Department's inspector general has completed a 22-month investigation ``into Syrian nationals suspected of practicing to hijack a plane during a Detroit-to-Los Angeles flight.'' The inspector general's public summary says that the Department needs to better coordinate information on suspicious passengers, and on the conflicting jurisdictions of the FBI and Federal Air Marshal Service that cancompromise investigations of in-flight incidents. Because the 40-page inspector general report is classified, its detailed contents have not been made public, but it involves an incident from June 2004. According to the paper, the suspects were traveling under expired visas on one-way tickets bought with cash, but that immigration officials had failed to report to the airport to detain them.  Then on page 13, Tuesday's Washington Times reports about the case of a high-ranking Iranian official travels in and out of the United States on a U.S. green card, even though he carries an Iranian passport and is reported to be ``an economics and technology aide to Iran's top nuclear negotiator,'' and is reported to have ``joined the Iranian government last year'' and to be a ``high-ranking Iranian official.''  The three incidents I have just described are all possible border security scandals reported in just one newspaper on just 1 day.  Just as gas prices for American consumers have doubled during the Bush-Cheney administration so, too, have the number of undocumented immigrants within the United States doubled. I do not think that I need to remind the American people that the same Government Department that so mishandled Katrina and its aftermath is in charge of border security. Nor will any of us forget that after 9/11 the immigration authorities were still sending cordial correspondence to dead suicide hijackers.  Here in Congress, we have met the President's calls for increased border enforcement with authorizations across the board. Indeed, we have often acted, as we are now, to provide additional authorities and resources that the administration did not request in order to try to force progress on border security. The administration, however, has not lived up to its end of the bargain. Despite the funding mandates of the intelligence reform bill that provided for 2,000 new Border Patrol agents annually, the President's budget request for 2006 would have provided enough funding to add only 210 Border Patrol agents. That is 10 percent of what Congress mandated, and not a single new agent would have been assigned to help protect our northern border.  What the President has said and what the administration has done couldn't be more different. He has talked about border security, but his priorities in the budget proposals he has sent to Congress shows that his administration values tax cuts for the rich over robust border security.  It is incomprehensible that almost 5 years after the horrific attacks of September 11, only 6 percent of shipping containers entering U.S. ports are screened. Despite the recommendations of the 9/11 Commission and despite Coast Guard recommendations that $5.4 billion is needed for port security over a 10-year period, the Republican Congress has appropriated only $800 million in grants during the last 5 years. I commend Senator Byrd for the port security additions he has made over time and to this bill. Following its failed effort to approve the Dubai Ports deal, the administration has recently made a big show of arrests of undocumented workers at one company. Ironically, those recent raids emphasize how little this administration has done over the last 5 years in terms of interior enforcement and enforcement of prohibitions against employers' illegal hirings. Where is the President's leadership on these critical issues?  I was pleased to see an increase in the President's proposed budget to allow for the hiring of 1,500 or more Border Patrol agents in 2007. The Judiciary Committee reported a bipartisan bill that calls for even more agents and investigators than that. But even the 1,500 new agents proved to be another hollow promise from the Bush administration. On closer scrutiny, it is clear that the funds to pay for these agents do not exist. The administration's budget also fails to specify whether any of these new positions are allocated to the northern border.  The President's budget priorities for fiscal year 2007 raise other serious concerns, including a proposal to eliminate grants dedicated to port security. This short-sighted proposal inexplicably shortchanges what we know is already a critically vulnerable aspect of our border security. It is difficult to reconcile what this President says about border security and what his administration does or does not do.  The lack of effectiveness of this administration is represented for many Americans by the Department of Homeland Security's failures to prepare for and respond to Hurricane Katrina. It was a disgrace and a human tragedy. It has been 6 months since the hurricane hit. We know that 1,604 lives were lost, but approximately 1,840 individuals are still listed as ``missing'' or ``whereabouts unknown.'' These numbers are astonishing. Is it possible that more lives were taken by Hurricane Katrina--a storm that we knew was coming for several days before it hit--than on September 11, 2001, when we were attacked without warning? What is being done to locate these persons and discover if they are living or if their lives were taken in the storm? It is no surprise that Congress is required to force action on border security when we consider how the Bush administration has performed.  I support the additional funding for border security in these amendments, though I do so with the regret that the Bush administration's lack of leadership on this critical issue has brought us to this point. Many of the items are the types of expenditures that we are now categorizing as ``emergency spending'' because of more than 5 years of neglect and incompetence in making them part of our regular budget and spending priorities as they should have been.  I conclude by commending the Democratic leader for his amendment. He has recognized a serious concern with the way that the alternative amendment was drafted. Both amendments contain the same funding. Both provide for long overdue law enforcement communications upgrades. Senator Gregg and I have worked on these matters since the tragic Drega incidents that affected our States demonstrated this critical need. Both amendments contain funding for border patrol vehicles and surveillance technology. Years ago it was a Vermont agent who helped develop remote sensors for border patrol purposes. Both contain almost $800 million for helicopter replacement and other air patrol and surveillance needs. Both contain $600 million for the Coast Guard vessels, aircraft, and equipment that is needed. Some of the other inclusions are less essential but I will not quibble with the subcommittee chairman or the Democratic leader who both include the same items and dollar amounts.  The difference between the amendments is a significant one, however, as the Democratic leader has explained. He supports, we all support, increased border security. But his amendment ensures that these additions are not paid for by taking funds from the emergency funding recommended for the needs of troops fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan or from the needs of those victimized by Hurricane Katrina in the gulf region. We should not be cutting pay and benefits for our National Guard, Active Duty and Reserve troops. We should not be cutting Iraqi security force training funding. We should not be cutting the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund that is intended to protect our troops from the scourge of deadly IEDs that threaten them in Iraq. We should not be cutting but should be improving health programs for out veterans and, sadly, the death benefits for their families. I agree with Senator Reid and will support his amendment to better secure our borders and years of neglect but will do so without shortchanging the needs of the troops whom the President has committed to fighting in Iraq, and that we all authorized be sent to Afghanistan.  