President, I thank the Senator from Minnesota and the Senator from Mississippi, and I thank again the distinguished Senator from Texas, who has shown his usual and normal courtesy in allowing me to go next.  The Senate has just passed bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform. I think that is an achievement for all Americans, present and future, who want to keep our country safe, and it fixes what most will acknowledge is a broken system. I mention that because the Senate, Republicans and Democrats, worked together to speak about one of America's top priorities, and it worked. I think the American public understands that. We ought to continue that. We ought to continue that on the path of addressing Americans' top priorities.  We ought to be debating the war in Iraq. None of us can go home without hearing a debate on the war in Iraq, either for or against it. We ought to be debating it on the floor of the Senate. We are, after all, the conscience of the Nation. We should be debating the war in Iraq.  We should debate the rising gas prices. You can't go into a diner in America without hearing a debate on that. They ask the same thing: Why aren't you debating it on the floor of the Senate?  How about the health care costs, which are going up at a time when seniors are faced with what for many of them is an incomprehensible prescription medicine plan. We ought to be talking about that. You can't go to the senior center anywhere in the country without hearing that being debated.What is wrong with the Senate, the conscience of the Nation, debating it?  How about stem cell research? So many parents of children with diabetes, those who have had paralyzing injuries, they say: Why aren't you at least determining a way to have stem cell research?  What about the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act? Not only has the Voting Rights Act worked to help those minorities in this country who were denied the right to vote before, but let us make sure that it works in the future for children today, Hispanic children today, African-American children today, the children of all races? How will we guarantee they will have the right to vote? We should reauthorize the Voting Rights Act.  These are all things on which the Senate could come together in a bipartisan fashion. We could have a bipartisan debate. The country would benefit by it. We would be a better body. The country would be better. But instead, it appears that because it is an election year, then we have to go to controversial, polarizing judicial nominations.  This nomination, like the difficult and controversial nominations of Judge Terrence Boyle and Michael Wallace, signifies that the Bush-Cheney administration and those who support it here in the Senate, are more interested in playing partisan election-year politics by heeding the siren call of special interest groups rather than tackling the pressing issues facing Americans today.  Local and national law enforcement have called upon the President to withdraw the nomination of Judge Boyle, as I have, and he would be well advised to do so. The nomination of Michael Wallace received the first ABA rating of unanimously ``not qualified'' for a circuit court nominee in more than 20 years. The last one to get that rating didn't go through. And the nomination before us today of Brett Kavanaugh is one of the few judicial nominations to be downgraded over time by the ABA.  The Senate's job is to fulfill our duty under the Constitution, not to advance a political agenda. No matter what our political affiliation, we are supposed to consider the interests of all Americans. We have to be able to assure the American people that the judges confirmed to lifetime appointments to the highest courts in this country are being appointed fairly to protect their interests, rather than to be a rubberstamp for whichever President nominated them. Mr. Kavanaugh is a nice young man who was nominated for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit after working for most of his career in behalf of the Bush-Cheney administration and the Republican Party in partisan, political jobs. Since helping to author the Kenneth Starr Report, he has worked in the office of the White House Counsel and as staff secretary to the Bush-Cheney administration. He was involved in the administration's use of 750 Presidential signing statements to try to reserve to the President the power to pick and choose which laws passed by Congress he wanted to follow. In other words, he allowed the President to sign a bill but then say: This law may apply to others, but it is not going to apply to the President or anybody else to whom I don't want it to apply. It is the first time in my lifetime a President has stated so emphatically, 750 times: I am above the law. He has helped the President pack the Federal bench with right-wing ideologues.  He has helped design the White House's overbearing secrecy policy. So now we are spending billions of dollars in marking things ``top secret,'' some of which were on Government Web sites for long periods of time until they realized it was pointing out embarrassing mistakes in the Bush-Cheney administration. So they yanked it off the Web sites and marked it ``top secret.'' We even have now the FBI going to a dead journalist--to a dead journalist, Jack Anderson--and pressuring his elderly widow to give up his notes of 20 and 30 years ago because it might prove embarrassing to some in their party.  So my question for this nominee, which is the same question I have asked of all nominees of either party, is whether you will be an independent check and balance.  I recall recommending to President Clinton a well-known Republican from my State for a seat on the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. I did that even though the man is certainly more conservative than I and belonged to the other party. I did it because I knew he would be independent; he would not be a rubberstamp for any President, Republican or Democratic.  Regrettably, Mr. Kavanaugh has failed through two hearings to establish that he has the capacity to be an independent check on his political patron, in this case a President who is asserting extraordinary claims of power. In fact, despite his close ties to the White House's inner circle, he wouldn't even tell us what issues he would recuse himself from hearing as a judge. We asked him specifically: Here is a case where you designed the legal basis for something, and now it comes before you as a judge; would you recuse or rule on work you have done? He wouldn't even acknowledge that he would. Instead we heard from a nominee who parroted the Bush-Cheney administration's talking points on subject after subject. I don't think the Senate should confirm a Presidential spokesperson to be a judge of the second highest court in the land.  After carefully evaluating Mr. Kavanaugh's record and his answers at two hearings, it is clear that he is a political pick being pushed for political reasons. His nomination is a continuation of the Republicans' decade-long attempt to pack the DC Circuit.  You can go all the way back to President Clinton's first term when the Republicans started playing politics with the DC Circuit. They blocked President Clinton's nominees so they could make sure they had a majority of Republican appointees on the court. They were among the 61 of President Clinton's nominees that the Republicans pocket filibustered. And their plan succeeded. After confirming two other nominees last year whom I strongly opposed--Janice Rogers Brown and Thomas Griffith--Republican nominees now comprise a 2-to-1 majority on the second most important court in the land. This is not a court which needs another rubberstamp for this President's assertions of Executive power.  The Republican majority who chose to shrink the court when there was a Democratic President is now bent on packing this court. They want this up-or-down vote even though they didn't apply that standard or anything near it to President Clinton's nominees to the DC Circuit. As I say, they denied 61 of President Clinton's nominees an up-or-down vote. When they stalled the nomination of Merrick Garland to the DC Circuit beyond the 1996 election, even Senator Hatch as chairman of the committee became frustrated. He claimed the way the Republicans were opposing judicial nominees was playing politics with judges, was unfair, and he was sick of it. I wish he had followed through instead of joining with his fellow Republicans in denying 61 judges an up-or-down vote. We did finally get Merrick Garland through, but he was the last one the Republicans were willing to consider for confirmation to this important circuit.  Here we have a person with no real experience other than being willing to take political orders.  Let me tell you about two of the nominees of President Clinton whom the Republicans would not allow to have a vote, a so-called pocket filibuster. One was Elena Kagan. They wouldn't allow her to come to a vote. Some even said: We are not sure of her qualifications. She is now dean of the Harvard Law School. These are the same people pushing a nominee for the Fifth Circuit, as I mentioned earlier, who is rated unanimously unqualified. And they pocket filibustered Alan Snyder. He had served as a clerk to Justice Rehnquist--no screaming liberal he, God rest his soul. Mr. Snyder was an experienced and respected litigator, but he was pocket filibustered. The fact is, for the rest of President Clinton's second term, they blocked all nominees to the DC Circuit, pocket filibustered them all with impunity.  I will give a little background. During the 17 months I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, I tried to stop the poisonous pocket filibustering. I am a Democrat, and the Bush-Cheney administration is Republican. In 17 months, I moved through, and the Democratic-controlled Senate moved through, 100 of President Bush's nominees. We actually moved them faster than the Republicans had moved them for a Republican President.  But I don't want to say they rubberstamped everybody. They, the Republicans, actually did treat one nominee the same way they treated President Clinton's. It is the way they treated White House Counsel Harriet Miers when the President nominated her.  She is a woman who has not gone to Ivy League schools but has a more impressive background and experience than this nominee--certainly much more legal experience than this nominee. Republicans questioned her qualifications. They demanded answers about her work at the White House and her legal philosophy. They would meet on an off-the-record basis with the press and say what a terrible nomination this was for President Bush to make.  I said: At least let her have a hearing. All Democrats on the committee said: Out of fairness to the President, we ought to let his nominee have a hearing. The Republicans said: She is not going to get a hearing, and they forced the President to withdraw her nomination.  Despite the political battle, as I said when I moved through 100 of President Bush's nominees, I approached the nomination of Mr. Kavanaugh with an open mind. I gave him the chance that Elena Kagan and Alan Snyder never received. In fact, he has had more opportunities than they. He has had an opportunity to demonstrate at not one but two hearings that he could be an independent nominee who deserved to be confirmed.  The Washington Post noted in 2003, when President Bush nominated Mr. Kavanaugh, that he had nominated somebody ``who will only inflame further the politics of confirmation to one of this country's highest-quality courts'' and concluded that it was ``too bad Mr. Bush is too busy playing politics to lead.'' I agree. Instead of being an uniter, he is being a divider.  I kept an open mind, even though only 1 of the 22 judges appointed to the D.C. Circuit since the Nixon administration, Kenneth Starr, had even less legal experience at the time of his nomination than Kavanaugh. Throughout all Republican and Democratic Presidents, only Kenneth Starr had less experience since President Nixon's time than Mr. Kavanaugh.  I even kept an open mind after Mr. Kavanaugh's nomination was one of the few to be downgraded by the ABA. I can't recall anyone being confirmed after such a development.  But after I saw Mr. Kavanaugh at his recent hearing, I could appreciate one judge interviewed by the ABA peer review subcommittee describing Mr. Kavanaugh as ``less than adequate'' and someone who ``demonstrated experience on the level of an associate.'' Others interviewed recently raised concerns about Mr. Kavanaugh's ability to be balanced and fair, given his years in partisan positions, working to advance a particular partisan political agenda. He was described by interviewees as ``sanctimonious,'' ``immovable and very stubborn and frustrating to deal with on some issues''--not the qualities that make for a good judge.  Despite the word put out falsely by the Bush-Cheney defenders, it was not a change in membership in the ABA peer review committee that led to his downgrading. Three-quarters of those who previously reviewed this nomination, and continued on the committee, voted to downgrade the rating based on the recent interviews and review.  His response to one very simple question I asked during his most recent hearing spoke volumes. I asked the nominee why he had taken 7 months to answer the written questions submitted to him following his initial hearing in 2004. He repeated the meaningless phrase that he ``took responsibility'' for such dismissive and irresponsible conduct and, implicitly, for his lack of seriousness about the confirmation. When he did that, it actually elicited laugher from the hearing room but not laughter from me because I felt it was not the first time he ``dissembled'' in response to my questions.  I suspect the truth is, he made a political calculation and decided to expend his time and effort at his benefactor's reelection campaign during the spring, summer, and fall of 2004 rather than answering the questions legitimately asked by Senators on the Judiciary Committee. He may be brilliant at politics and have powerful supporters, but that doesn't mean he will be a good judge. This is, after all, a vote to determine not who your supporters are or not how good you have been at partisan politics but how good a judge you will be.  In my opening statement at his hearing, I raised a key question regarding this nomination: Will he demonstrate his independence and show he can serve in the last independent branch of the Government? One party controls the White House, the Senate, the House of Representatives. There is only one body left to be independent. That is the courts. Can we look to him to be a check and balance on the President, who is asserting extraordinary claims of power, or on any President?  He could have told us something about his responsibilities as staff secretary or as an associate White House counsel, giving us examples when he showed independence and good judgment, but he didn't. Instead, he appeared at his confirmation hearing to be a spokesman and representative for the administration. Instead of speaking about how independent he would be, he basically over and over again acted like a spokesman for the administration.  Courts are not supposed to be owned by the White House. I don't care which administration is in control of the White House, they are not supposed to control the courts. Over and over he answered our questions by alluding to what the President would want and what the President would want him to do. We are going to confirm somebody who, in sworn statements, talks about how he would try to make sure he ruled as the President would want him to rule? Have we really sunk that low in the Senate on judicial nominations?  We heard from a nominee who responded not with independent answers but with the administration's talking points. We heard from a young man who, when invited by the chairman to introduce his family, began his remarks not by introducing the family but by thanking the President for nominating him and later emphasized--as if that was a qualification--that he had ``earned the trust of the President'' and his ``senior staff.''  I have no problem with the President nominating Republicans--although that seems to be all he will nominate, unlike other Presidents of both parties who have nominated people from both parties--but I expect him to nominate somebody who can be independent and will not have his strings pulled by the White House. It may be useful for advancement within the Bush-Cheney administration in Republican circles, but they are not qualifications for a judge who can be independent if he is asked to rule on this President's or the Bush-Cheney administration's policies.  Senator Graham put the question this way during the course of the hearing: ``There is a fine line between doing your job as a White House counsel and being part of the judicial selection team and being a judge yourself. There is a line between being an advocate and being a judge.'' I don't believe he showed he knows that line. The DC Circuit is too important to pack with those who would merely rubberstamp the Bush-Cheney administration or any administration, Democratic or Republican. We can't rubberstamp an administration's policies.  We had the sudden and basically forced resignation of the President's handpicked head of the CIA, Porter Goss. America witnessed another ``heck of a job'' accolade to an administration insider leaving a critical job undone. This administration insider--we saw what a great job he did. So, like administration insiders who ran FEMA right after Hurricane Katrina, the President said they had done a heck of a job. I think virtually all Americans, Republican and Democratic, would disagree. In fact, for that matter, this week we learned that the President's Secretary of the Veterans' Administration was in charge when there was the largest theft of private information from the Government ever--the largest theft ever, the loss of information on more than 26 million American veterans.  Compounding the incompetence is the misguided decision by the Veterans' Administration for secrecy in trying to cover it up for the last 3 weeks. Boy, if we don't talk about it, if we cover it up, maybe nobody will know that we lost the critical private information of 26 million veterans.  This is falling on the heels of last year's debacle of the $1 billion shortfall in the VA's budget for veterans health care by the same leadership, who said: Oh, we have plenty of money when they want to make political points, then quietly to the Congress after, saying: Whoops, we don't. It is a heck of a job. It is just one more heck of a job by this administration.  Maybe we should have a ``heck of a job'' medal to give to all of these people who get fired for incompetence--give them a ``heck of a job'' medal--great big thing, you have done a heck of a job. It is a heck of a job on Katrina; it is a heck of a job on rubberstamping nominees for the courts; it is a heck of a job when you lose 26 million records and put these veterans at great risk. Oh, wait a minute. They did say they would have an 800 number. If you are 1 of the 26 million now facing identity theft, maybe lose your car, maybe lose your house, maybe lose your pension, maybe lose your life savings, we have an 800 number for you.  Anybody try to get through to that 800 number? If you do, they tell you go out and buy protection. Whatever happened with ``the buck stops here''? It has to be more than photo-ops when you run operations.  What is desperately lacking throughout this administration is accountability. The attack on 9/11 happened on their watch. You don't see accountability. The faulty intelligence, the years of fundamental mistakes in Iraq, hundreds of billions of dollars spent in the war in Iraq, and we were told that we were going to be greeted as liberators and that it would be over in a matter of days. The lack of preparation, the horrific aftermath of Katrina, and on and on--billions spent on homeland security.  First, a crony of the President was going to be put in to run the Department of Homeland Security until they found out the very disturbing things about his personal life; found out things that the administration knew about, that they were trying to keep secret. But when the press found out about it, somebody had an excuse not to go there.  Be ready on a moment's notice if we are ever attacked again, like we were attacked early on in the Bush-Cheney administration. Well, with Katrina, we had days and days and days of notice. It didn't do any good.  I think, speaking in behalf of the President for a moment, it is not all his fault. He has not been helped by the Republican-controlled Congress that won't provide any checks and balances. The Republican controlled Congress won't raise the questions that might be asked, and that, had they been asked, might have forced the administration to do a better job. But the Republican-controlled Congress won't serve as a check and balance, when there are colossal failures of homeland security, or at the VA, or anywhere else. Can we at least ask for the courts to be a check and balance to preserve our rights and our way of life? If our Government overreaches, at least we can count on the courts to be there to check and balance.  In fact, now that the administration is raiding congressional offices, the Republican leadership in Congress is finally protesting. When ordinary Americans' telephone calls and Internet use is being wiretapped without warrants, that same Republican leadership looked the other way. I guess they had to tread on the toes of Members of Congress before the Republican Congress will say anything.  Last year, when the President nominated Harriet Miers, Republicans questioned her qualifications and demanded answers about her work at the White House and her legal philosophy. They defeated her nomination without a hearing. Now it appears that they are back to their rubberstamping routine with every Senate Republican ready to approve this nomination without question or pause.  Then we ask the question: The President's counsel, the staff secretary, did that nominee act as a check and balance, or will he continue, as he said at his hearing, to do whatever the President wanted?  At his hearing, Senator Feinstein and I gave him another opportunity to answer concern about his loyalty to the President. We asked about recusal. He could have said he would not hear any matter that raised questions about the President's claims of executive power insofar as was involved with the development of the policies and practices of the Bush-Cheney administration. It is almost judicial ethics 101 in the first year of law school. The easy answer is: Of course, I will not rule on that. Of course, I would recuse myself on something I have developed in the White House. He could have walled off matters covered by the Presidential signing statement--750 of them. This President has shown unchecked Executive power exceeding that of Richard Nixon. He could have said that given his role in the development of this administration's secrecy policies he would recuse himself from those questions regarding the right of the American people to know about their Government. It would not only be the right answer, but it would be an easy answer. After all, the administration stacked that court with so many Republicans, he should feel comfortable, but even there he didn't say he would follow basic judicial ethics.  At a time when the Senate should be addressing America's top priorities, the President and his Senate allies instead are trying to divide and distract from fixing real problems by pressing forward with this controversial unqualified nomination.  We showed in the recent debate that at least among senior Members--Republican and Democratic Members--we could be uniters and not dividers.  Unfortunately, in this case, the White House wants to be dividers not uniters. And the leadership is ready to cater to the extreme right-wing and special interest groups agitating for a fight on judicial nominations. They made no secret of the reason for pushing nominations to the Senate. They are even willing to hold up confirmation of the new Director of the CIA to vote now instead of a week from now on a nomination that has waited 3 years anyway. They just want to stir up a fight.  Mr. Kavanaugh is a young, relatively inexperienced but ambitious person who, in two hearings, has failed miserably to demonstrate his capacity for independence. I have voted for an awful lot of Republican nominees, and I expect I will in the future. I am not going to vote for any nominee--Republican or Democrat--who has failed to demonstrate his capacity for independence. This nominee has not, and I cannot in good conscious support action on this nomination to one of the Nation's highest courts.  