President, I rise today to pay tribute to my good friend and colleague, the senior Senator from the great State of Maryland, who will be leaving this body at the end of this Congress. Paul Sarbanes and I have shared the past 30 years in this body together, and I can say that the Nation will be losing one of its most talented, well respected, and principled public servants when he steps away from the office he has held with such honor and integrity.  Paul's career is one that I believe still to this day reflects the values instilled upon him by his parents, Greek immigrants to this country, who infused in him a strong work ethic and a sense of service to others. He worked his way through school while growing up on Maryland's beautiful Eastern Shore and earned a scholarship to Princeton University, where he excelled academically, and earned a Rhodes Scholarship to Oxford. If that weren't enough, Paul also went to Harvard Law School.  With all his abilities, with his clear leadership potential and promising future, Paul chose to dedicate himself to the service of others. From his years in the Maryland House of Delegates, to his time across the Capitol in the House of Representatives, through his years here in the Senate, Paul has always used his unique abilities and vast knowledge, tirelessly working towards finding solutions to the country's most pressing issues.  That is why I was so honored to be able to work closely with him in drafting portions of the Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Protection Act of 2002, more commonly known as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Paul's leadership as Chairman of the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee was needed more than ever as the America people learned of the deception that corporate leaders had perpetrated. In a business culture that seemed to reward greed and devalue honesty and accountability, Paul was able to create a bipartisan piece of legislation that mirrored his values and took a stand for countless ordinary Americans who were victims of the prevailing culture of corporate excess. It was my distinct pleasure to work with him in such a noble effort, and I believe it is fitting that such important legislation bears his name and will serve as a testament to his character for many years to come.  I will miss Paul Sarbanes, although I take comfort knowing that he won't be far away. His career is a lesson to us all in what the Senate is all about. It is with a heavy heart that I bid my friend farewell, and thank him for setting such a wonderful example for us all to follow.  I know he will stay a clear voice for America--but now he and Christine can also have the time together they so deserve.  