President, today the Senate will confirm two more lifetime appointments to our Federal courts. I am glad that we are voting on Andrew Guilford, who has been nominated to the District Court for the Central District of California and who has the support of his Democratic home State Senators, Mrs. Boxer and Mrs. Feinstein. Frank Whitney, a nominee for the District Court for the Western District of North Carolina, has the support of his Republican home State Senators. Both nominations were reported unanimously by the Judiciary Committee.  I am pleased that the Republican leadership has scheduled debate and consideration of these nominations and am glad that the Republican leadershipis this month taking notice of the fact that we can cooperate on swift consideration and confirmation of consensus nominations. Working together, we confirmed five judges in 1 week earlier this month. We have confirmed three more this week. Many of these judges could have been confirmed last month if the Republican leadership had chosen to make progress instead of picking a fight on a controversial nomination. I look forward to working with the Republican leadership to schedule debate and consideration of other noncontroversial nominees.  I, again, commend the Republican Senate leadership for wisely passing over the controversial nominations of William Gerry Myers III, Terrence W. Boyle, and Norman Randy Smith. The Republican leadership is right to have avoided an unnecessarily divisive debate over these nominations that were reported on a party-line vote.  The President and Senate Republican leadership have too often, though, chosen to pick fights over judicial nominations rather than focus on filling vacancies. Judicial vacancies have now grown to well over 40 from the lowest vacancy rate in decades. More than half these vacancies are without a nominee. The Congressional Research Service has recently released a study showing that this President has been the slowest in decades to nominate and the Republican Senate among the slowest to act. If they would concentrate on the needs of the courts, our Federal justice system, and the needs of the American people, we would be much further along.  Still, we have passed several milestones. When the Senate today confirms Andrew Guilford and Frank Whitney as district court judges, the Senate will have confirmed 251 of this President's judicial nominees, crossing the 250 threshold. This milestone is an indicator of how cooperative Senate Democrats have been in confirming this President's nominees. Despite the slow pace of the President and the Republican leadership in filling the needs of the judiciary, the Senate has confirmed more of this President's nominees in the 66 months of his Presidency than the Republican-controlled Senate did in the last 66 months of the Clinton Presidency. During that time, many good nominees were never even given a vote in committee, and only 230 judges were confirmed. That dubious total was the result of their pocket-filibuster strategy to stall and maintain vacancies so that a Republican President could pack the courts and tilt them decidedly to the right. It is a strategy which has been working.  Also with these two nominations, the Republican-controlled Senate will have this year confirmed 24 judicial nominations. That surpasses the number of judges confirmed last year, 22. During the 17 months I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the Senate was under Democratic control, we confirmed 100 of President Bush's nominees. After today, in the last 17 months under Republican control, the Senate will have confirmed 46. So the fact that the Senate has confirmed more nominees in the past 5\1/2\ years than in the last 5\1/2\ years of the Clinton administration is due in no small part to the much faster pace of confirmations of this President's nominees when Democrats controlled the Senate.  Working together, we could do better. I urge the White House to work with us to select nominees with bipartisan support like Andrew Guilford, rather than explosive partisan nominees like Terrence Boyle. I hope that the Republican-controlled Senate will stop using controversial judicial nominations to score partisan political points. Our courts are too important.  