President, this evening the Senate will consider another lifetime appointment to a circuit court. The nominee is Leo Maury Gordon, who is nominated to serve on the U.S. Court or International Trade. Mr. Gordon is the court's longtime clerk, and he is very familiar with its important work. I urge all Senators, Republican and Democratic, to support this nomination.  His confirmation will bring the total number of judicial appointments since January 2001 to 232, including the confirmations of two Supreme Court Justices and 43 circuit court judges. Of course, 100 judges were confirmed in the 17 months that Democrats were in the Senate majority. In the other 45 months, 132 judges have been confirmed. Ironically, under Democratic leadership, the Senate was almost twice as productive as under Republican leadership.  It is most regrettable that this President has not fulfilled his promise to the American people to be a uniter. Nor has he fulfilled his pledge to complete his work in advance of vacancies and to make nominations promptly. Judicial vacancies have grown to more than 50, and the White House has failed to send a nominee for more than half of those. Some of those vacancies have been sitting empty for more than a year. Over and over the White House has missed the deadline the President established for himself, and today, half of the judicial vacancies, 27, are without a nomination. One-third of those vacancies are already more than 180 days old, and one-third of the judicial emergency vacancies are without a nominee.  If the White House would eliminate its partisan political and ideological litmus tests from the judicial nominations process and its emphasis on rewarding cronies and focus only on qualifications and consensus, the job of selecting nominees and our job of considering them for confirmation would be much easier. That is what this confirmation demonstrates.  Recently we have seen the President withdraw a circuit nomination after information became public about this nominee's rulings in a number of cases in which he appears to have had a conflict of interest.  At a minimum, this case reinforces a point about this White House's poor vetting process for important nominations. A number of nominations by this President have had to be withdrawn. Among the more well known are Bernard Kerik to head Homeland Security and Harriet Miers to the Supreme Court, which were withdrawn for different reasons. It was, as I recall, reporting in a national magazine that doomed the Kerik nomination.  When we are considering lifetime appointments of judicial officers who are entrusted with protecting the rights of Americans and when we are reviewing important law enforcement officials, it is important to be thorough. Unfortunately, this White House seems more interested in rewarding cronies.  