President, it is regrettable, and it is frustrating, that once again we find ourselves having to speak out on the shortfalls in the budget resolution for key community and economic development programs. The budget before us slashes Federal assistance to distressed and underserved communities. These cuts are shortsighted, they are ill-advised, and they represent a significant retreat from our longstanding commitment to invest in our Nation's communities.  In just a few weeks, the Senate will again be asked to appropriate tens of billions more to help Iraq. Though the President's request for Iraq funds is once again off the budget so that it avoids our normal budget rules, the Iraq supplemental funding request once again is for real taxpayers' dollars--no less real than the domestic cuts that the Bush-Cheney budget proposes for the priorities of the American people here at home.  That is why I am proud to join Senators Murray and Sarbanes, as well as 14 more of our colleagues--17 of us in all--in offering an amendment to the fiscal year 07 budget resolution to provide for an increase of $1.3 billion to restore the community development block grants, or CDBG, to the fiscal year 04 level of $4.3 billion. We fully pay for the increase in funds by closing egregious tax loopholes that more than 90 Members of this Chamber have already gone on record in support of closing.  Our amendment is supported by those who know best how effective and important this program is to America's communities. The list of endorsements includes the National Association of Counties, the National League of Cities, the National Conference of Black Mayors, the National Association of Local Housing Finance Agencies, the National Association for County Community and Economic Development, the National Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials, the Council of State Community Development Agencies, and the Local Initiatives Support Corporation. I ask unanimous consent that a letter from these groups in support of our amendment be printed in the Record.  The CDBG Program is the centerpiece of the Federal Government's efforts to help States and localities meet the needs of low-income communities. CDBG funds vital housing rehabilitation, supportive services, public improvements, and economic development projects in communities across the Nation. It serves more than 1,100 entitlement communities, urban counties and States, and more than 3,000 rural communities. These investments help change the face of our communities for the better and help improve the standards of living of Americans across the Nation, right where they live, in their communities.  CDBG is one of the most effective Federal domestic programs helping to revitalize neighborhoods, and it has a proven record of results. For example, in 2005, Vermont used CDBG grants to rehabilitate 771 units of affordable housing and to help create or preserve more than 500 jobs, directly helping to raise the standard of in Vermont's communities. There are hundreds of similar stories across the Nation, but in each of them the message is the same: CDBG funds are critical building blocks for improving our communities, our neighborhoods, and our economy.  The CDBG formula allocation was $4.41 billion in 2001. Since then it has decreased by $670 million, or 15.2 percent, with a 5-percent cut in fiscal year 05 and a 10-percent cut in fiscal year 06. The budget resolution for the coming year would further reduce the formula funding by 25 percent, cutting the formula allocation by over a third in just 3 years. Communities that benefit from CDBG will be devastated if further cuts in funding are made to this program.  I recently led a bipartisan letter with Senator Coleman to the Budget Committee attesting to the effectiveness of CDBG and urging that it be funded at $4.3 billion in the coming fiscal year. Fifty-three Members of the Senate from both sides of the aisle joined me in this letter, which I ask to have printed in the Record at the conclusion of my remarks.  