President, today, as we begin the last week of this legislative session, the Senate considers the nomination of Francisco Augusto Besosa for a lifetime appointment to the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. Mr. Besosa's nomination was reported unanimously to the Judiciary Committee on Thursday of last week.  Last week the Judiciary Committee held two business meetings dedicated to judicial nominations. I want to thank all Senators for working with us to expedite consideration of nominations like that of Mr. Besosa. I cooperated last Tuesday with the Chairman's request for a Special Executive Business Meeting. I came to the meeting and established the quorum. The Chairman had said that the meeting would be held to burn holds on two non-controversial circuit court nominees. I agreed to try to expedite consideration of the nomination of Kent Jordan, a nominee to the Third Circuit. Peter Keisler's nomination to the D.C. Circuit is, however, by no means non-controversial. Nonetheless, in an effort to work with the Chairman I stayed and the Republicans held over the Keisler nomination, as well.  Then, although we had not discussed either in advance, in order to be accommodating, I did not object when, at the request of Senator Grassley and Senator DeWine, the nominations of John Alfred Jarvey and Sara Elizabeth Lioi were also held over. Those nominations will now be reviewed and available for consideration by the Committee later this week in accordance with the rules of the Committee.  Mr. Besosa's nomination was unanimously reported at our regular Thursday business meeting. In addition, we reported a number of other judicial nominations, including one for a judicial emergency vacancy that was given expedited consideration. I thank the Chairman for his kind words in which he acknowledged our cooperation.  The Democratic Senators on the Committee have worked hard to accommodating the Chairman's demanding schedule. The Chairman has already held three hearings during the last three weeks and has another scheduled for this week, in addition to another special business meeting. We have held 18 judicial nominations hearings this year, including a Supreme Court hearing, as well as two additional executive nominations hearings.  I have been saying for some time that I feared we would sacrifice progress on nominations that can be moved for debate on controversial nominations. It appears that my fears will be realized this week. This Wednesday afternoon and evening, a hearing on the highly controversial nomination of Michael Wallace to the Fifth Circuit has been noticed and renoticed. As the times have changed, it has become even less likely that it will be helpful or productive during this extremely busy time of year. Of course, Mr. Wallace is the first appellate court nominee in 25 years to have been rated unanimously not qualified by the ABA peer review committee.  After today, the Senate will have confirmed 31 judicial nominees this year. The Republican Senate confirmed only 17 of President Clinton's judicial nominees in the 1996 session. The Senate has confirmed seven circuit court nominees, which is seven more than the Republican Senate confirmed with a Democratic President during the 1996 session. That year, Republicans would not consider or confirm a single appellate court nomination for an entire year-long session of the Senate, not one.  This is a far cry from the days when the Republican Congress pocket filibustered more than 60 of President Clinton's nominees, refusing even to bring them up for a vote in Committee. Of course, during the 17 months that I was Chairman, we were able to confirm 100 of President Bush's nominees. In 20 months of Republican control, with a Republican President, even counting Mr. Besosa's confirmation today, that number will stand at about half that--just 53.  We could have accomplished more this year if the White House had sent over consensus nominees early in the year. The White House did not. Many of the nominees we are now trying to consider now were not even nominated until July. Regrettably, the administration concentrated on a few highly controversial nominees and delayed until recently sending nominations andthereby prevented us from having the time to do any meaningful review. We are now in the position of trying to rush through too many nominees too quickly for us to give them real consideration.  The White House continues to undermine our process. Instead of working with us and focusing on consensus nominees, the President sent back to us five highly controversial nominees who had been returned to the White House. Sadly, the Senate Republican leadership, which has rubberstamped a number of very poor nominations, may force us to spend time and energy debating troublesome nominations, rather than reviewing and confirming good ones.  We have been accommodating, and we will continue to be, but the Judiciary Committee and the Senate should not be a rubber stamp for the President's nominations. We should be taking our constitutional responsibility to advise and consent seriously. That means carefully reviewing the nominees' records and making sure that these are appropriate nominees for lifetime appointments to important Federal judgeships.  A customary practice in the Senate would have been for the leaders, the Republican and Democratic leaders, to have sat down with the Chairman and the Ranking Member by now and have worked out a process to conclude the year with respect to judicial nominations. I would have urged that we concentrate on completing our work on those nominations most likely to be confirmed and to maximize the number of confirmations. Sadly, that meeting has not occurred and apparently will not.  I congratulate Francisco Besosa and his family on his confirmation today.  Mr. President, in the absence of any other Senator seeking recognition, I suggest the absence of a quorum.  