President, we were making some progress yesterday. We had a number of amendments that were adopted--one by the distinguished Republican leader and others. But then some tried to turn this into a partisan fight, and I think that is unfortunate. I hope we are back on track. We heard from a number of Senators on both sides of the aisle who support the bipartisan comprehensive bill, some of whom came down to speak for the first time in this debate. Senator Menendez spoke from his unique perspective as one who was a Member of the House during their debate on their bill. He was there when they debated their immigration bill. It turned out to be a very narrow and punitive bill, which he opposed. He is now a Member of the Senate and is supporting a far better bill here today.  Senator Nelson of Florida described amendments in which he is interested. Senator Lieberman spoke about an amendment which he and Senator Brownback wish to offer relating to asylum. Senator Brownback and Senator Lieberman have this totally bipartisan amendment to which, for some reason, my Republican colleagues on the other side of the aisle are objecting. Senator Kerry spoke forcefully and eloquently.  I wish to speak for a moment about the comments made by the distinguished Senator from Colorado, Mr. Salazar. I was struck by his description of the slurs to which he has been subjected for his support of the comprehensive bipartisan committee bill. I talked with Senator Salazar, I think it was probably about 9:30 last night. He called me at home and we talked about his experiences. I told him how proud I was of him for standing up. Some of the things that were said were things such as: ``Go back to where you came from.'' His family came to North America in the 16th century, a lot earlier than either side of my family. He is justly and rightly proud of his background, his ethnic background, and the great contributions he and his family have made to this country. I think about how horrible it is that he has to face these kinds of slurs. We are trying to do what is right for all Americans. This is not a situation where we have tried to craft a bill for one group of Americans over others, and Senator Salazar has worked to help us accomplish this.  So these slurs are wrong and it should be unacceptable to all of us. Senator Salazar is an outstanding Senator who has made great contributions. He served previously as the attorney general of his State. He is thoughtful and genuine, and he approaches issues in a serious manner. I am deeply offended that opponents of comprehensive immigration legislation have subjected him to these slurs. Let us debate the issues and stop the name-calling.  I think that those of us, many of us, who have been called anti-Catholic or anti-Christian or anti-Hispanic or anti-southern or anti-women or anti-American, have been subjected to these attacks because those who disagree with us find it easier to smear than honestly debate the issues. I find it most unfortunate that a Senator of the quality and integrity of Ken Salazar would be subjected to this form of an attack. This seems to have become a new and unfortunate way to debate. It is almost like an ethnic or religious McCarthyism we are facing. People don't want to debate the issue, so they slam somebody and suggest base motives.  I remember in another debate when some Republicans disagreed with me, they tagged me as being anti-Catholic and anti-Italian. I thought of the slurs my Italian grandparents faced when they immigrated to this country, and what my mother faced as a young girl because she spoke a language different than others were used to. But I also think of the pride my Italian relatives felt, here in the United States and in my grandparents' home in Italy, when I became a Member of the Senate. I don't feel I have to prove my bona fides for any of my heritage. My father was proud of his Irish background and my mother was proud of her Italian background. They were both proud of their heritage, but they went through a difficult time at a different time in this country.  I think of the stories of when my father was a teenager and had to support his mother and sister because my grandfather died as a stonecutter in Vermont. At that time Vermont was a much different State. It was not the wonderful, proud State it is today. My father faced signs that said: ``No Irish need apply'' or ``no Catholic need apply.'' In their time, my grandparents faced similar things. That has changed.  I worry about those who are unwilling to debate issues of importance to this country, people who won't debate the merits, but simply attack people, as they have Senator Salazar or me with baseless religious or ethnic claims. It is a form of McCarthyism; it is just intolerance of a different nature. This Senate should be above that.  Those who have seen this happen, whether they are Democrats or Republicans, should condemn it. They should stand up and condemn it, as one of the greatest Vermont Senators ever to serve, Ralph Flanders, did when he supported a resolution of censure of Joseph McCarthy for what he was doing. They were members of the same party, and he condemned what McCarthy did.  President Bush called for a civil debate and I wish his supporters would follow that suggestion. I agree with thePresident on this. We should have a civil debate. But I wish somebody, even one Republican, would step up and condemn the unfounded attacks and disassociate themselves from such poisonous conduct. We have a major piece of legislation here that will affect all 295 million Americans, and it will affect 11 million people who are here in an undocumented status in our great country. Let's talk about that and how we can best solve this difficult situation for the good of our country. Let's not impugn the character or the motives of any Senator.  During yesterday's debate, we had a procedural discussion that became unnecessarily heated. I have been here 32 years. Let's go back to having a Senate that will debate issues and get away from the polemics and the name-calling. During the course of the day yesterday, both the Democratic leader and I suggested, along with members of the staff, amendments on which we could have votes. Republican and Democratic amendments alike. I think if we had votes on these amendments, or even now if we had votes on these amendments, which are offered by Republicans and Democrats, some by both, we would have the kind of movement that, in my experience after 32 years, gets legislation through.  We sent an initial list of amendments to the other side that we believe could be scheduled for debate and votes. There is one by Senator Brownback and Senator Lieberman that has been rejected. It could pass with probably 80 votes in this body if it came to a vote. I don't know why we can't vote on that.  Some on the other side tried to turn this into a partisan debate. The Democratic leader, Senator McCain, Senator Kennedy, and others have taken a bipartisan approach. Senator Specter and I have worked very closely, along with our staffs, under extraordinarily difficult scheduling to get this bill on the floor. What we brought to the floor is a bipartisan product, and everybody says, let's have a piece of bipartisan legislation. The President of the United States has said that. Most columnists have said that. We say that in our speeches. Well, let's do it with our votes. Let's not do it just for the rhetoric; let's do it in reality.  The Democratic leader has filed a petition for cloture that I hope will be successful on comprehensive, realistic, and fair immigration reform so we can take action this week. If we don't, let's stay through the weekend and let's get this done. Let's get it done. Stop the polemics.  Finally, as I have said before, don't let politics in this country degenerate into an ethnic and religious McCarthyism, which is what this debate has become. As a man of faith, I am proud to be a U.S. Senator, but I will make my decisions based on what the facts are before me. I am proud of my ethnic background. I am proud of the rich culture it has brought to our family, as I am proud of my wife's background as a first-generation American and the language skills and the background she brought with her. I am proud of the diversity of my grandchildren. But I make my decisions as a Senator based on one thing: the extraordinarily solemn oath I have been privileged to take in this Chamber six different times. I am mindful of the extraordinary privilege it is to walk on this floor and to have a chance to vote. I will vote my conscience. I will bring to bear my skills and my background as a prosecutor and a lawyer, as a Vermonter, aided by as fine a staff as anyone could have. I will bring that experience to these votes. But I will not be cowed by the obscene and irrational name-calling by the other side; nor, as I mentioned earlier, will Senator Salazar, who is a man with an extraordinary background, tremendous integrity, honor, and abilities.  Mr. President, I yield the floor, and I suggest the absence of a quorum.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Coburn). The clerk will call the roll.  The assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.  