President, I thank the distinguished senior Senator from Pennsylvania. I note that two of the nominees, one from West Virginia and another from Georgia, are represented in the Senate for West Virginia with two Democratic Senators, both of whom support the nominee. Georgia has two Republican Senators, both of whom support the nominee. They have been moved very quickly.  I mention this because the nominees are the 229th, 230th, and 231st of the judges nominated by President Bush to be confirmed. It shows when the White House works with Members of both parties how quickly they get filled. It is an indication when the White House takes time to work with Members of both parties to fill the judgeships, they move rather quickly.  This evening we will see three more of President Bush's nominees for lifetime appointments to the Federal courts confirmed. With these confirmations, the total number of the President's judicial appointees rises to 231, including the confirmations of Supreme Court Justices Roberts and Alito. This is an impressive number, considering the time that was needed to devote to the Supreme Court vacancies over the last year--President Bush made a series of three nominations for the successor to Justice O'Connor--and the administration's slow pace of nominations for much of this year.  Tonight's nominees come from West Virginia, Georgia and Puerto Rico. Thomas Johnston of West Virginia has the support of his two home-State Democratic Senators. Thomas Batten of Georgia has the support of his two home-State Republican Senators. The nominee from Puerto Rico was not opposed in the Judiciary Committee. These nominees, the 229th, 230th and 231st judges nominated by this President to be confirmed, show once again that when the White House works with Senators from both parties, vacancies on the Federal bench can quickly be filled. It is when the White House refuses to consult with the Senate, or having mentioned nominees' names, ignores the advice of the Senate, or chooses to pick a fight for partisan purposes, that we have trouble.  Considering how hard the Judiciary Committee has worked to uphold its part in the process of confirming judges, it is unfortunate that the President is not fulfilling the commitments he made to be a uniter and to complete his work in advance of vacancies. Even after these three nominees are confirmed, there will still be more than 50 vacancies in the Federal circuit and district courts. Despite the fanfare with which the President announced that he would be sending nominations for upcoming vacancies in advance and in no event later than 180 days after a vacancy, there are at least 24 current vacancies, nearly half, for which there is no nominee at all. Some of those 24 vacancies have been sitting empty more than a year. Over and over the White House has missed the deadline the President established for himself, and today, of the 24 vacancies waiting for nominees, 10 are already more than 180 days old.  If the White House would eliminate its partisan political and ideological litmus tests from the judicial nominations process, and focus only on qualifications and consensus, the job of selecting nominees and our job of considering them for confirmation would be much easier. As tonight's confirmations demonstrate, Democrats in the Senate have been cooperative.  I congratulate these nominees and their families on their confirmations.  