President, I am prepared to yield the remainder of my time to the Senator from Pennsylvania, but I would like to make just a couple of points, if he doesn't mind, before I do that.  Mr. President, with all of the talk, let us not lose sight of a couple of things. This bill does not violate 407(b), no matter what anybody says, because we specifically say the taxpayer funds will not be spent to compensate victims of asbestos exposure. That has been our position from day one, and that is what the bill says today: not a single dollar is spent. In fact, the CBO states that over the life of the fund, whether or not it sunsets, we would not expect the legislation to add to the aggregate Federal debt. It just doesn't add to debt. The Federal Government is involved only because it acts as a conduit for the private funding of $140 billion. All the parties said they wanted that in the Department of Labor because they had the experience and the infrastructure necessary to set up a quick start for the victims.  We have heard the figures about projection of interest rates. If we follow those projections, the interest rates would have to be at 25 percent. Twenty-five percent. Even with the recent increases by the Federal Reserve Board, we are still way in the low single digits.  The CBO considered all the estimates. They met with dozens of financial experts, economists, auditors, everybody. They say payments were raised from $120 billion to $150 billion, at most. They said $140 billion will cover all claims, payments, administrative costs, and borrowing costs. That is why we have the financial institutions, we have our veterans, we have labor. As this chart shows, labor organizations are strongly for it.  Then we ought to keep in mind that these are the people who are not going to recover unless this bill goes through, and 26 veterans organizations have come out to say they oppose this budget point of order. Twenty-six veterans organizations oppose it because they know they need this bill.  Mr. President, I yield the remainder of my time to the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania.  