Judge Bobby E. Shepherd, who has been nominated for a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, is a U.S. magistrate judge and former Arkansas State circuit-chancery judge who has the support of both home State Democratic Senators. We were pleased to be able to expedite his nomination through the committee and bring him to the floor so quickly. Neil Gorsuch has been nominated to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. I know that Senator Salazar is pleased that we were able to move his nomination quickly as well. Today we also consider two district court nominees, Daniel P. Jordan, III, who has been nominated to be a judge on the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi, and Gustavo A. Gelpi, who has been nominated to be a judge on the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. I have heard plaudits from around the country for Judge Gelpi.  When they are confirmed, Judge Shepherd and Mr. Gorsuch will be the fifth and sixth circuit court nominees confirmed this year. Along with Judge Gelpi and Mr. Jordan, we will have confirmed 28 judges this year. This far surpasses the total number of judges confirmed in the 1996 congressional session, when Republicans controlled the Senate and stalled the nominations of President Clinton in an election year. In the 1996 session, Republicans would not confirm a single appellate court judge, compared to six already this year. All 17 confirmations in 1996 were district court nominees. That is the only session I can remember in which the Senate refused to consider a single appellate court nomination. That was part of their pocket filibuster strategy to stall and maintain vacancies in an election year with the hope that a Republican President could pack the courts and tilt them decidedly to the right. In the important DC Circuit, the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh was the culmination of the Republicans' decade-long attempt to pack the DC Circuit that began with the stalling of Merrick Garland's nomination in 1996 and continued with the blocking of President Clinton's other well-qualified nominees, Elena Kagan and Allen Snyder.  The 28 judicial nominations confirmed this year by the Republican-controlled Senate surpasses the number of judges confirmed last year, 22. During the 17 months I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the Senate was under Democratic control, we confirmed 100 of President Bush's nominees. After today, in the last 2 years under Republican control, the Senate will have confirmed 50. So the fact that the Senate has now confirmed more nominees in the past 5\1/2\ years, 255, than in the last 5\1/2\ years of the Clinton administration is due in no small part to the much faster pace of confirmations of this President's nominees when Democrats controlled the Senate.  I am pleased that the Republican leadership has scheduled debate and consideration of these nominations and am glad that the Republican leadership is taking notice of the fact that we can cooperate on swift consideration andconfirmation of nominations. Working together, we can confirm four judges today. I commend the Republican Senate leadership for passing over the controversial nominations of William Gerry Myers III, Terrence W. Boyle, and Norman Randy Smith. The Republican leadership is right to have avoided an unnecessarily divisive debate over these nominations that were reported on a party-line vote.  The President and Senate Republican leadership have too often, though, chosen to pick fights over judicial nominations rather than focus on filling vacancies. Judicial vacancies have now grown to well over 40 from the lowest vacancy rate in decades. More than half these vacancies are without a nominee. The Congressional Research Service has recently released a study showing that this President has been the slowest in decades to nominate and the Republican Senate among the slowest to act. If they would concentrate on the needs of the courts, our Federal justice system, and the needs of the American people, we would be much further along.  I congratulate the nominees on their confirmations today and hope that they prove to be the kind of judges who understand the central role of the courts as a check and balance to protect the rights of all Americans.  