President, I want to offer a comment on an aspect of the port security bill, included in the managers' package. The IP-enabled voice communications and public safety provisions will encourage the use of E-911by Voice over Internet Protocol providers. I want to thank Senator Stevens for removing language from the initial amendment that would have delayed implementation of this public safety program. The provisions that were removed would have needlessly endangered lives. Accordingly, the modification was essential. As Americans increasingly use IP-enabled voice communications, there is an increasing necessity to ensure these callers have access to their local 911 public safety answering points in case of emergency.  The language of the initial amendment would have provided gaping loopholes for VoIP providers to avoid 911 obligations. It would have delayed the Federal Communications Commission's rules regarding implementation of 911 requirements on VoIP providers; grandfathered subscribers who signed up prior to December 31, 2005--meaning those subscribers would not be assured that when they called 911 they would reach their local first responders; and would have authorized other broad ``waivers'' from the rules.  I want to thank the firefighters--specifically the International Association of Fire Chiefs and the International Association of Fire Fighters--for bringing these important public safety concerns with the initial amendment to our attention. Through their diligence, we have an amendment that will promote the deployment of critical 911 services, rather than delay it. This is crucial to assist America's first responders, including local fire, EMS and police officials, in their efforts to save lives.  As the port security bill moves forward, it is critical that the compromise reflected in this important public safety amendment be maintained. I appreciate the assurances made by the managers to protect this important compromise. All Americans deserve the very best emergency response system. This amendment now helps accomplish that goal.  