I am left with a deep and abiding concern about Judge Alito's understanding of the role of the courts and their responsibility to protect the constitutional rights of individuals, especially the less powerful and especially where the political system has failed to do so.  Despite Judge Alito's attempts to retreat from several of the more outrageous statements in his 1985 job application for a political position in Edwin Meese's Justice Department, his testimony at the hearing has done little to dispel my concerns. The consequences for all Americans of Judge Alito putting the beliefs he expressed in that job application into practice on the Supreme Court are too great.  In his job application, Samuel Alito wrote, as a 35-year-old, practicing lawyer, that:       In college, I developed a deep interest in constitutional      law, motivated in large part by disagreement with Warren      Court decisions, particularly in the area[] of . . .      reapportionment.  This was a startling statement to make in 1985, just two decades ago. He was 35 years old and had been practicing law for almost a decade when he wrote that statement about his disagreement with Warren Court decisions on reapportionment. Even after being asked about this statement several times at the hearing, Judge Alito failed to adequately answer why he would seek to highlight a disagreement with the landmark equal protection cases by which the Supreme Court made elections fairer for all Americans and established the principle of ``one person, one vote.''  The Warren Court's reapportionment decisions were among the central achievements of the civil rights era. They ensured that voting districts which had been grossly mal-apportioned, often to the detriment of minority voters, would be fairly revised so that everyone's vote was weighed equally. It is clear from looking at the Republicans' partisan redistricting in Texas that these cases did not solve all the problems. However, reapportionment cases like Baker v. Carr, 1962, and Reynolds v. Sims, 1964, are landmarks because they established that courts have a responsibility to make certain that voting districts meet constitutional standards.  It was Justice William Brennan of New Jersey who wrote the Court's opinion in Baker. Two years later, in Reynolds, the Court established the ``one person, one vote'' standard because, as stated by Chief Justice Warren in his opinion in that case:       As long as ours is a representative form of government, and      our legislatures are those instruments of government elected      directly by and directly representative of the people, the      right to elect legislators in a free and unimpaired fashion      is a bedrock of our political system.  At his hearing, Judge Alito was in retreat and had to concede that the concept of one person, one vote is well-settled and should not be reexamined. It was equally well-settled in 1985 when he made the statement in his job application. More importantly, Judge Alito's testimony calls into question whether he truly understands that the courts have a responsibility in our constitutional system to intervene to ensure that constitutional guarantees of equal access to the political system are met. This is important in situations where the political system is corrupt or where the political branches lack the will to fight against entrenched power or to reform themselves.  In response to a question from Senator Kohl, Judge Alito sought to retreat from the unqualified disagreement with the reapportionment cases expressed in his 1985 application. He told the Committee that his disagreement was based only on certain details of later Warren Court decisions like the 1969 case, Kirkpatrick v. Preisler. Not only is this narrow objection to certain Warren Court decisions not a credible explanation for why he made his sweeping assertions of disagreement in 1985, but Judge Alito also contradicted it later in his testimony when he suggested that his disagreement with the Warren Court's reapportionment decisions was based on Alexander Bickel's ideas about judicial self-restraint. Professor Bickel was notconcerned merely with later applications of one person, one vote. Rather, his theory was critical of the courts having any role at all in helping to guarantee that access to the political system is fair and equal.  In fact, one of the justices whom Judge Alito described as among his favorites, Justice Harlan, applied Bickel's theories in dissenting from every landmark Warren Court reapportionment case establishing one person, one vote, starting with Baker v. Carr. In Justice Harlan's dissenting opinion in Reynolds v. Sims, as in all of Justice Harlan's reapportionment dissents, he argued that there is no constitutional basis for one person, one vote and that courts should restrain themselves from ``usurping'' the state legislatures' self-serving apportionment decisions. In his dissent in Reynolds, Justice Harlan wrote: ``It is difficult to imagine a more intolerable and inappropriate interference by the judiciary with the independent legislatures of the States,'' and ``[w]hat is done today deepens my conviction that judicial entry into this realm is profoundly ill-advised and constitutionally impermissible.'' This dissent, described as one of Judge Alito's favorites, hardly sounds like a disagreement only with certain aspects of later reapportionment decisions.  The effects of the Court's decisions to intervene were dramatic. Were the Supreme Court to have followed the dissents of Justice Harlan or the theories of Alexander Bickel that Judge Alito embraced in 1985, the massive disparities in the size of voting districts would not have been corrected in the 1960s. Nor would the underrepresentation of voters from urban areas, minority voters, have been corrected. Had the Court not acted we might still have poll taxes and other barriers to the ability of minorities to vote.  At the hearing we heard testimony from pioneering civil rights attorney Fred Gray, who spent a lifetime fighting for those who were denied the rights to equal protection and equal dignity under the law guaranteed by our Constitution. After he graduated from law school, Mr. Gray immediately went to work defending Rosa Parks and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in the Montgomery bus boycott. He has a real-life appreciation for the role of courts as providing a check to protect individual rights and liberties. In the late 1950s, after the Alabama legislature changed the city limits of Tuskegee, excluding all but three or four African Americans who were registered to vote in the city, Mr. Gray brought before the Supreme Court the case of Gomillion v. Lightfoot. This unanimous decision securing the right to vote for African Americans laid the foundation for Baker v. Carr and the cases establishing one person, one vote.  I asked Mr. Gray what the consequences would have been had the courts followed the lead of Justice Harlan and Alexander Bickel, views with which Samuel Alito apparently agreed, and not involved itself in reapportionment. He testified:       The difference is then, prior to these decisions, and even      prior to Brown v. Board of Education, and prior to Gomillion      v. Lightfoot and Browder v. Gayle, the case that desegregated      the buses, we had very few African Americans and other      minorities registered. We had little or no African Americans      in public office. For example, in my state, in 1957 we had      none. Now my State has approximately the same number of      persons in our State legislature. It mirrors the population.      We now have thousands of African Americans and other      minorities who are holding public office, and an additional      thousand that those public office holders have appointed to      elected office.  Judge Alito did not adequately explain his disagreement with the Warren Court reapportionment decisions. He refused to say that he changed his views. He did not repeat what he had suggested in some private meetings--that he was merely saying what he thought people in the Reagan White House wanted to hear and that it was just a job application. Candidly, his testimony on this critical point makes no sense. This is too fundamental a matter to be left without a solid, credible explanation. The equal protection rights and voting rights of all Americans are the fulcrum for realizing the promises of our democratic republic.  Judge Alito's sweeping disagreement with the Warren Court's reapportionment decisions is not the only part of his 1985 job application which has caused me to doubt his understanding of the responsibility for the courts to intervene where the political process is broken down, corrupt or entrenched. Judge Alito also stated in that application that he believes in ``the supremacy of the elected branches of government.'' In the hearing, Judge Alito tried to retreat from this statement, describing it as ``inapt'' and ``very misleading and incorrect.'' However, he refused to disavow it, telling Senator Kennedy: ``I haven't changed my mind.''  The Supreme Court's decisions to intervene in the reapportionment cases in the 1960s had a tremendous effect on the ability of millions of Americans to participate in the political process. Yet I am concerned that his 1985 written statement reveals that he will be too deferential to the President as ``supreme'' even when needed to be a check on the Government.  The elected branches have no claim to being legitimate, let alone ``supreme,'' if they are controlled by entrenched political corruption. After listening to several days of his testimony, I am left with serious questions and concerns about Judge Alito's appreciation for this critical role of the courts. These concerns are heightened by his apparent adherence to the so-called doctrine of the ``Unitary Executive.''  Judge Alito has failed to grasp the importance of the courts in providing a venue for all Americans to assert their rights. One of the clearest examples of this is Judge Alito's distressing record in cases in which individuals allege discrimination based on race, gender, or disability. Judge Alito has consistently found ways to keep the ``little guy'' from having a day in court. For example, he has held individuals trying to prove discrimination to an excessively high standard of proof, rendering their cases almost un-winnable. From the bench, he has favored the government and big companies accused of discrimination. He seems to view these cases not as examples of regular Americans struggling for equal treatment but, instead, as technical legal exercises.  Judge Alito's supporters--and many on the other side of the aisle were lined up to support him well before the hearings--have cherry picked individual cases to try to show that Judge Alito was fair to average Americans. Judge Alito told us to look at his whole record and we did. In fact, a study of Judge Alito's decisions by Knight Ridder newspapers found that Judge Alito was consistently skeptical of discrimination plaintiffs, generally setting high standards of proof and finding that the plaintiffs before him did not meet those standards. The study found that he was similarly dismissive of criminal defendants alleging discrimination by the government and of immigrants fighting deportation. Noted law professors Cass Sunstein and Goodwin Liu studied the cases where Judge Alito dissented from his colleagues and reached the same conclusion.  In several cases, the Third Circuit criticized Judge Alito for taking positions which would make it almost impossible for people to prove discrimination. In Bray v. Marriott Hotels, Judge Alito would have denied an African-American worker the chance to show that her employers denied her a promotion based on race. The majority criticized Judge Alito's dissent saying that a key discrimination statute ``would be eviscerated if our analysis were to halt where the dissent suggests.''  The case of Pirolli v World Flavors, Inc., is a particularly poignant example of the kind of case that gives me great concern about whether Judge Alito would uphold the rights of ordinary Americans seeking equal treatment. In that case, Kenneth Pirolli, a mentally retarded employee, brought a claim for hostile work environment based on sex and disability, alleging a pattern of sexual abuse and harassment that can only be described as disgusting. Judge Alito dissented from the Third Circuit's decision that Mr. Pirolli's case should go to a jury, not based on the merits of the claim, but essentially because he thought Mr. Pirolli's lawyer's legal brief was poorly drafted. Senator Durbin asked Judge Alito about this matter and gave him every opportunity to explain. It remains another example of Judge Alito focusing on technical details rather than on the rights of real people.  As a former prosecutor, I am sensitive to the need for a fair process and a fair jury in all criminal cases, particularly the most serious ones. I am troubled that in Riley v. Taylor, Judge Alito dissented from an en banc decision in a capital case in which the Third Circuit granted a new trial because the prosecutor had improperly dismissed Black jurors. Judge Alito denigrated the defendant's use of statistical evidence to show improper exclusion of Black jurors, comparing it to a statistical analysis of the disproportionate number of recent left-handed U.S. Presidents. The majority criticized Judge Alito's inappropriate analogy, writing, ``To suggest any comparability to the striking of jurors based on their race is to minimize the history of discrimination against prospective Black jurors and Black defendants''.  In response to the many cases in Judge Alito's record in which he has ruled against victims of discrimination, victims of government intrusion, and immigrants, Judge Alito's Republican supporters searched hard to find a small set of cases to show Judge Alito has not always ruled against the ``little guy.'' What is notable about these efforts is that even in the cases they have trumpeted, Judge Alito often denied any meaningful relief to the average American.  Several Republicans have raised the case of United States v. Kithcart. They incorrectly suggest that in Kithcart, Judge Alito ruled in favor of an African American in a racial profiling case. Mr. Kithcart was pulled over by the police because he was African American and searched and arrested. When the case came before Judge Alito, he sent it back to the trial court to give the government a second chance to prove that the stop and search of an African American were constitutional and were not motivated by race. Judge McKee dissented from the remand saying, ``just as this record fails to establish that Officer Nelson had probable cause to arrest any Black male who happened to drive by in a black sports car, it fails to establish reasonable suspicion to justify stopping any and all such cars that happened to contain a Black male.'' When the case came back to Judge Alito on appeal, Judge Alito upheld the search and affirmed the conviction. So while he remanded the case back to the trial court, he then upheld the search and conviction in his final decision and afforded Mr. Kithcart no relief.  Judge Alito's supporters have pointed to Fatin v. INS as an example of a case in which Judge Alito sided with powerless immigrants and did not defer to the Government. This is another bad example because he ultimately ruled against the immigrant, Parastoo Fatin, and she was deported.  Ms. Fatin was an Iranian woman whose family had opposed the Ayatollah Khomeini and who had come to the United States as a student. She was fighting deportation and requested asylum, arguing that she would be subjected to harsh treatment as a former opponent of Iranian regime, as someone who did not practice a strict form of Islam, and as a woman--who would have to wear a veil and live under great restrictions in Iran. As his supporters have noted, Judge Alito ruled in the case that gender-based persecution could be a basis for asylum. But Judge Alito went on to rule against Ms. Fatin anyway. So he denied her petition for review and sent her on to be deported.  Judge Alito and Republican Senators seeking to bolster Judge Alito's record cited Leveto v. Lapina as an example of a case in which he protected the rights of individuals against government intrusion. It is telling about Judge Alito's record in the area of individual rights protection that in a case he trumpeted for his protection of the rights of individuals, he threw the Levetos out of court and denied them any remedy.  The facts of this case are egregious. In the course of an IRS tax fraud investigation of the Levetos, armed agents ``rushed'' Dr. Leveto at the veterinary hospital where he worked when he arrived at 6:30 a.m., patted him down, and then held him in a small room for over an hour, not allowing him to speak to anyone or make any calls. They then accompanied Dr. Leveto to his home where they patted down Mrs. Leveto, who was still in her nightgown, and then detained and interrogated her for 6 hours.  Meanwhile, other agents took Dr. Leveto back to the hospital where they held him in a closed room for 6 more hours. During this 6 hours, he was not permitted external communications, was accompanied on bathroom breaks, and was interrogated without Miranda warnings, while other agents searched the hospital. During the course of the search IRS agents sent hospital employees home and turned away clients in the parking lot, informing them that the hospital was closed until further notice.  Despite acknowledging numerous violations, Judge Alito dismissed the Levetos' appeal and their case based on ``uncertainty'' in the case law, and threw them out of court.  Supporters of Judge Alito have cited the case of Brinson v. Vaughn as an example of a case in which Judge Alito sided with a victim of discrimination, reversing a conviction because Black jurors had been improperly excluded from the jury pool. This was an easy case given the extraordinary facts involved. In Brinson, the prosecutor dismissed 13 of 14 prospective Black jurors and had previously made a training video in which he urged prosecutors to dismiss Black prospective jurors from the jury pool. This does not reassure me about my concern that Judge Alito will only give credence to claims of discrimination in extreme cases. Indeed, in Riley v. Taylor, when an en banc majority of the Third Circuit found that Black jurors had been improperly dismissed from the jury pool, Judge Alito disagreed and denigrated the defendant's use of statistical evidence to show improper exclusion of Black jurors, comparing it, as has been previously noted, to a statistical analysis of the disproportionate number of recent left-handed U.S. Presidents.  The role of courts should be to protect and make sure there is a fair forum for the powerless and even the unpopular. This is the reason the courts are the one undemocratic branch. I am concerned that rather than demonstrating an understanding of the effect of the law on the lives of real Americans as Justice O'Connor has shown, Judge Alito would close the courthouse doors to those Americans most in need of the courts to protect their rights.  In the next few years, the Supreme Court will hear many challenges to political entrenchment. Critical provisions of the Voting Rights Act, VRA, Congress's part in guaranteeing equal access to voting, the fundamental machinery of democracy, were upheld by the Warren Court in South Carolina v. Katzenbach, 1966, by an 8 to 1 vote. The VRA will need to be reauthorized before it expires in 2007. Subsequent court challenges will be critical to fairness to minority voters.  The Supreme Court will soon hear a challenge to Texas Republicans' partisan mid-Census redrawing of congressional districts. There are questions before the Supreme Court this term about campaign finance laws. We are seeing exposed in the news every day a culture of corruption through money and access that has taken root in Washington, by which one political party has sought to entrench itself as a permanent majority.  The cost to Americans is high if we in the Senate get it wrong. I go back to the central question I asked at the outset of Judge Alito's hearing: Will this nominee serve to protect the fundamental rights and liberties of all Americans? Based on Judge Alito's record, I have no confidence that he will provide a check against either an overreaching President or entrenched political power, nor that he will serve to protect Americans' fundamental rights and liberties.  I thank the distinguished Presiding Officer.  I yield to the distinguished Senator from California.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. Murkowski). The Senator from California.  