He and I and key members of the Republican Party and the Democratic Party worked very closely in the Judiciary Committee to report a bipartisan piece of legislation to the full Senate.  We reported a bipartisan bill, and I would like to vote on that. Here on the floor, we have voted on several amendments. We voted on the Frist amendment, the Bingaman amendment, the Alexander amendment. A Mikulski amendment is pending, which I believe could pass. We hope the other side will consent to take up Senator Nelson's amendment. Senator Brownback and Senator Lieberman have an amendment on detention and asylum. There is a Collins amendment, a Republican amendment on athletes; a Bond amendment; and another Republican amendment on natural science graduate students. Each one could be offered and voted on. There are a number of others we are working on.  I made a suggestion this morning to ask unanimous consent that Senators be allowed to talk about amendments they planned to offer. A Democratic Senator might speak for 15 minutes and then alternate with the Republican side, and so on, back and forth. The junior Senator from Arizona objected to that proposal. He has an absolute right, of course, to object.  I hoped that if Senators could come here and talk about amendments they hoped to offer, we might be able to work out some amendments in the usual way.  Up until the last few years, when there has been single-party control in Washington, we were always able to share one side's amendments with the other, to see if there were areas of compromise. We would work out a schedule on complicated bills like this one. Certainly, this is the practice followed by the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania in committee. Because he ran it in such a fair way, and because Senators on both sides of the aisle were able to discuss their amendments, the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania and the full committee were able to report a bipartisan bill. Unfortunately, we seem to have lost the ability to do that here.  If we could go back to the traditional manner of doing things, the better way of doing things, practices similar to those followed by the distinguished senior Senator from Pennsylvania, we could get somewhere.  As I said, we have already adopted a number of amendments. This is the practice I was suggesting when I received an objection this morning. I was hoping to set up a series of votes.  I am not suggesting that the Senator from Arizona was not within his rights. Of course, he was within his rights to object. But once he did, we lost the ability to set up that procedure which, I believe, in my own experience, would have let some amendments go through.  The distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania has been more than generous. The Senator from Pennsylvania has the floor. I yield to him.  