The amendment we offer facilitates restoring these CDBG funds by increasing the budget cap by closing tax loopholes that the Senate has already supported closing, in previous votes. This, in turn, makes real money available to the Appropriations Committee to be able to spend for next year.  Increasing the cap is important because the budget resolution we are considering assumes domestic spending will be capped at the same level as the President's request. Simply put, the budget resolution assumes that funding for CDBG will be reduced by the same amount as the president has proposed, which would be a cut of $1 billion from fiscal year 06 levels.  A separate amendment offered by our colleagues, Senator Santorum and Senator Coleman, also supports an increase of funding for CDBG, but it would do so by asking the Appropriations Committee to impose across-the-board cuts on all other domestic programs.  Speaking as an appropriator, I can tell you that all their amendment will do if it passes is to tell the Appropriations Committee that the Senate supports CDBG. But that will not be enough to guarantee that the committee will hear and provide the Transportation-Treasury-HUD, TTHUD, Appropriations Subcommittee with a higher allocation to increase funding for CDBG.  My colleagues should note that the Santorum-Coleman amendment is the same as the CDBG amendment that passed last year. However, because it provided no additional funding to the Appropriations Committee, the TTHUD Subcommittee received an allocationthat was inadequate to fund all of the programs within its jurisdiction. CDBG was the program that was on the chopping block, suffering cuts of more than $400 million.  So if my colleagues want to simply signal their support for CDBG funding to the Appropriations Committee, then they should vote for the Santorum-Coleman message amendment. Unfortunately, if they choose to do that and that amendment passes at the expense of our amendment, they will find that when it comes time to write the TTHUD appropriations bill, they will have failed to protect this important program from further cuts.  