President, I wish to speak about the amendment presently before us. There has been a lot of speculation in the paper about whether this is on the schedule because of partisan politics. Of course, it is. The Republican leader has decided that today our Nation's most pressing priority is a concern over committed relationships between same sex couples. We have very little time left in this session that we are devoting to an amendment, which will go nowhere, when so many of us are trying to focus on solutions to high gas prices, something that hurts people in your State and mine; or the rising cost of health care, certainly a matter of great interest in my State; the ongoing situation in Iraq, a place where the Bush-Cheney administration told us we would be welcomed as liberators and suggested we would be out of there quickly. We have now been there almost as long as World War II, and the ending to World War II was far more obvious than the ending in Iraq; or strengthening our national security. We are not going to talk about any of those things. I think that is a testament to the misplaced priorities of the Republican leadership. News reports have clearly revealed how this proposed constitutional amendment is being used to satisfy the most extreme right-wing supporters of Republican politicians. I do not believe that Americans are well served by this strategy, a strategy that would divide rather than unite Americans.  The Constitution is too important to be used for such a partisan political purpose. It is too important to make us dividers and not uniters. I agreed with First Lady Laura Bush when she recently told Fox News that this proposed amendment should not ``be used as a campaign tool, obviously.'' Even so, obviously, that is exactly what Karl Rove and others in the Bush-Cheney administration are doing. That is why we only vote on such partisan measures in the run-up to an election. Apparently, high campaign season has arrived on the Republican leader's calendar. Right on the heels of this campaign season bid to amend our Constitution, they are readying yet another constitutional amendment for the floor.  Many people have aptly noted that this amendment would write discrimination into our Nation's Constitution. I agree. That is exactly what we are being asked to spend our time doing this week.  The Republican leadership's strenuous efforts to move this proposed amendment to the Senate floor for debate shows how important it is to the Republican leadership of the Senate to cater to the extreme right-wing and special interest groups agitating for a fight over this issue. They intend to stir up an election year fight and use it as a ``campaign tool'' and a ``political strategy.''  Right now, we should be addressing America's top priorities, including ways to make America safer, the war in Iraq, rising gas prices, rising health care and health insurance costs, stem cell research, or fixing FEMA, an organization that has fallen into almost incomprehensible misuse during this administration, and assisting our veterans whose privacy has been compromised by the neglect of the administration's Veterans' Administration. Maybe we can talk about the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act, which is something that affects every State in this country.  Instead, the President's political strategists and Senate allies are doing their best to divide and distract the American people and the Senate from fixing real problems by pressing forward with this controversial proposed constitutional amendment.  As a nation, we are currently facing so many pressing issues, including the continuing sectarian violence in Iraq that is spiraling out of control, with the United States unable to stop it; the stunning investigations of this administration, indictments and convictions for government corruption; or a complicated drug program that has been dropped into the laps of our seniors. We now find it so complicated that it penalizes our seniors. It appears the only ones doing well under the program are the pharmaceutical companies. How about a burgeoning national debt, where a family of four owes well over $100,000 just for the debt run-up by the Bush-Cheney administration? Every time I stop at a gas station and fill up my car, all I hear from people is: When is the Congress going to do something about these historically high gas prices? Of course, the largest theft of private information maintained by the Government was stolen under the Bush-Cheney administration's watch, but we are not asked to debate that problem. We even tried to find some corrective legislation to protect not only our veterans, but now we find we need to protect tens of thousands of Active-Duty personnel from the negligence of this administration. We are not asked to do anything to protect those veterans. No, we have to talk about this constitutional amendment.  The Judiciary Committee has been conducting hearings, but we have yet to get to the bottom of the Bush-Cheney administration's warrantless wiretapping and other programs utilized to gather information on Americans, such as the e-mails on the Web sites we visit and even our conversations among families.  We need to make reauthorizing the expiring provisions of the Voting Rights Act a priority in the coming months of this season. We still see people that are not allowed to vote in this country because of the color of their skin. We ought to be doing something to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act. If we want to hold ourselves up as a moral mirror to the rest of the world, let's talk about things that affect a large part of the population of America.  But no, on the Senate floor, we don't talk about these things, even though we are here to protect the rights of Americans--all Americans--no matter what color they might be. But instead we are being made to turn again to a divisive measure that will do nothing to correct the weakness in our homeland security, that will do nothing to enact a budget the Republican Congress was supposed to, by law, enact months ago. We will do nothing to stem the rising gas prices. We will do nothing to respond to the most pressing issues facing hard-working Americans.  Some may remember proponents of the Federal marriage amendment in 2004--coincidentally the last election year--could not assemble a majority of Senators to even move to consider the proposed amendment, even though the Republicans controlled the Senate. Remember that in 2004, we were warned immediate action was required to protect the fragile institution of marriage, which was said to be under immediate threat. Of course, the real threats to marriage include adultery and unfaithfulness, desertion, pressures on a marriage that comes from economic stresses, unhappiness, and spousal abuse. Does anybody want to debate those on this floor? No. Would somebody like to put forward a constitutional amendment to tell States they cannot be allowed to have divorce laws? No. What about telling States what ages people can marry? No. That would be interfering with the rights of States. We will do the whole enchilada and tell them we will take over their State legislatures.  Having been told the heavens are falling, we find in the past 2 years, noStates have been forced to recognize same-sex marriages. In fact, several States voted to amend their State Constitutions to define marriage. The Defense of Marriage Act, which we passed, defines marriage as the union between a man and a woman for Federal purposes and prevents any States from being forced to recognize another State's approval of same-sex marriage. That is the law of the land. That bipartisan law has been upheld three times in Federal court. It is under no threat of being overturned. So when the last election year rolled around, we were told there was a crisis, but there never was a crisis then, nor is there now an imminent crisis that demands the diversion of Congress's attention from all of these other urgent problems or that justifies an alteration of our founding document to say that States are no longer the ones in control of marriage. We will set a Federal law to tell the States of Tennessee and Vermont and every other State, we are taking over. Your legislatures can go home.  But unlike the Republican leadership of this Congress and the Bush-Cheney administration, I trust our 50 States to define marriage and the rules of marriage as they always have. I trust our States a lot more than the Republican leadership of this Congress or of the administration.  I am sure we will continue to hear a lot of rhetoric about ``judicial activism'' as the reason why we need to dramatically alter the U.S. Constitution. Even the President in his weekly radio address invoked the notion of ``rogue judges'' that flaunt the law as a justification for this drastic measure. This politically convenient criticism is surprising. It is surprising, considering the fact that the majority of those Federal judges he is so worried about were all appointed by Republican Presidents. He doesn't even trust the judges the Republicans appointed. In fact, any judicial decision that was a dramatic departure from the status quo on this issue would certainly be appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, where seven of the nine Justices on the Supreme Court were appointed by Republican Presidents. Does anyone believe Chief Justice Roberts is going to preside over a U.S. Supreme Court that will override the law in this regard? And any State can define marriage in their Constitution. When the Republican-controlled Supreme Court of Massachusetts ruled that you could have same sex marriage, they made it very clear that the State, of course, could amend their Constitution to change that.  In fact, the proposed Federal marriage amendment, now renamed the Marriage Protection Amendment, would itself produce a wide range of litigation that judges--the very boogeymen that proponents of the proposed amendment demonize, would be required to resolve. It would be the judges--these judges--these judges that the President and the Republican leadership, all of these Republican judges they seem to fear, they are the ones who will be forced to resolve the ambiguities and meanings of these words if they are added to our Constitution.  The proposed language we are being required to consider is exceedingly confusing and subject to interpretation. It is inevitably going to create uncertainty. For example, who would be bound by the provisions of the Marriage Protection Amendment? State actors, private citizens or religious organizations? What would constitute the legal incidents of marriage? Can a legislature pass a civil unions law that mirrors its marriage law, so long as they do not call it marriage? Can the people of a State put protections for civil unions in their State Constitution? What State actors are forbidden from construing their own Constitutions? Are we saying that a State supreme court could not construe its own Constitution or is it the State executive branch officials that couldn't do it as well? We had hearings on these precise language questions, and they were not resolved.  I am particularly concerned about the fate of the Vermont civil unions that have been formed under the color of State law. Despite an initially wrenching debate, our State law remains on the books after 5 years. There has been no ensuing crisis in the lives of Vermont families. In fact, we have one of the lowest divorce rates in the country. But it is not clear to me why this constitutional amendment would render Vermont's law invalid.  I started this afternoon by alluding to my agreement with the recent statements of the First Lady that the Constitution should not be used for political purposes. I agree with her statement, as I agreed with her sense that the President's ``bring it on'' language from the early days of the Iraq occupation was not helpful, and certainly was actually frightening to families who had somebody serving in the gulf. Starting this last weekend we have seen that suddenly the President is involving himself in this effort and is now prepared to endorse a specific constitutional amendment on this divisive topic. I have written President Bush on more than one occasion to ask, OK, if you are going to endorse it, what language? What language would you propose?  In fact, my most recent letter was last month, and I ask unanimous consent that a copy be printed in the Record.  