President, as the Senate stands poised to conclude this debate and reauthorize the Voting Rights Act, we recall the words of Martin Luther King, Jr., in his famous ``I have a Dream'' speech, where he noted: ``When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir.'' The Voting Rights Act is one of the most important methods of enforcing this promise and upholding the Constitution's guarantee of equal rights and equal protection of the law. We owe it those who struggled so long and hard to transform the landscape and make America a place of political inclusion to reauthorize this important Act. We all enjoy these protections and take them for granted. No Senator would ever be denied the right to vote, but the same cannot be said about millions of others. We act so that all Americans can enjoy America's bounty, its blessings and its promise.  On May 2, our congressional leadership stood together on the steps of the Capitol--an historic announcement in an era of intense partisanship. We came together in recognition that there are few things as critical to our Nation, and to American citizenship, as voting. In sharp contrast to the tremendous resistance and bitter politics which met the initial enactment of the Voting Rights Act, our efforts this year have overcome objections through discussions, the hearing process and by developing an overwhelming record of justification for extension of the expiring provisions. Last week, the House of Representatives, after a month of delay, passed H.R. 9 by a vote of 390-33, rejecting all efforts to reduce the sweep and effect of the Voting Rights Act. Yesterday in the Senate Judiciary Committee, we did the same after almost as long a delay in considering the companion Senate bill. We acted unanimously to report the Senate bill. Now it is up to the full Senate to complete our work.  As Congressman John Lewis said, ``When historians pick up their pens and write about this period, let it be said that those of us in the Congress in 2006, we did the right thing. And our forefathers and our foremothers would be very proud of us. Let us pass a clean bill without any amendments.'' I am encouraged that we are so close to accomplishing this today.  The path that my good friend John Lewis has taken from Selma, AL, to Congress, from ``Bloody Sunday'' in 1965 on the Edmund Pettis Bridge to leading the fight in 2006 to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act, is a lesson to us all. The events of Bloody Sunday, were caught on television cameras, and those powerful images laid bare for all Americans the violence encountered by many African Americans trying to exercise their civil rights. It was a crucial turning point in securing the right to vote. A few days after the violence of Bloody Sunday, President Lyndon Johnson outlined the proposed Voting Rights Act of 1965, before a joint session of Congress. Later that year, Congress passed it so that the Constitution's guarantees of equal access to the electoral process, regardless of race, would not be undermined by discriminatory practices.  Like the rights guaranteed by the First Amendment, the right to vote is foundational because it secures the effective exercise of all other rights. As people are able to register, vote, and elect candidates of their choice, their interests and rights get attention. The very legitimacy of our democratic Government is dependent on the access all Americans have to the electoral process.  Today we are poised to reaffirm a cornerstone of our civil rights laws. As we do, we recall the great historic struggle for civil rights led by American heroes of vision and strength, such as Fannie Lou Hamer, Rosa Parks, and Coretta Scott King, who passed away just months ago. We honor their legacy by reaffirming our commitment to protect the right to vote for all Americans.  The pervasive discriminatory tactics that led to the original Voting Rights Act were deeply rooted. As a Nation, this effort to ensure equal protection dates back more than 135 years to the ratification of the 15th Amendment in 1870, the last of the post-Civil War Reconstruction amendments. It took the passage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 for people of all races in many parts of our country to begin the effective exercise of rights granted 95 years earlier by the 15th Amendment. Despite the additional gains we have made in enabling racial minorities to participate in the political life of the Nation, the work of the Voting Rights Act is not yet done.  In fact, in the recent LULAC decision, the Supreme Court--finding that 100,000 Latino Americans were illegally disenfranchised in Texas--affirmed that racial discrimination against our Nation's minorities persists today. It proves that the protections of the Voting Rights Act are still needed. We have this year undertaken an extensive process of congressional fact-finding. What it establishes is that we are right to extend the protections of the Voting Rights Act.  In the Senate Judiciary Committee, we held nine hearings on the Voting Rights Act. We received thousands of pages of testimony, reports, articles,letters, statistics, and other relevant material from a wide variety of sources to inform our consideration. The evidence gathered, together with the record developed in a dozen hearings in the House provide us with an adequate basis for Congress to determine that the protections of the Voting Rights Act are still needed both to maintain the gains already achieved and to continue to enforce the guarantees of equality enshrined in the 14th and 15th Amendments.  Much of the testimony we received focused on the continuing need for Sections 5 and 203 of the Voting Rights Act as essential safeguards to the rights and interests of Americans of all races and our language minorities.  The record we have assembled and consider justifies the renewal of Section 5. This section requires certain jurisdictions with a history of discrimination to ``pre-clear'' all voting changes with either the Justice Department or the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. In doing so, Section 5 combats the practice of those jurisdictions of shifting from one invalidated discriminatory tactic to another, which had undermined earlier efforts to enforce the 15th Amendment. After ``enduring nearly a century of systematic resistance to the Fifteenth Amendment,'' Congress found, it was imperative to ``shift the advantage of time and inertia from the perpetrators of the evil to its victims.''  Section 5 continues to be a tremendous tool for protecting minority voting rights and a necessary one. For example, in 1992, the Attorney General used Section 5 to stop Wrightsville, GA, from relocating its polling place from the county courthouse to a private all-white club with a history of refusing membership to black applicants and a then-current practice of hosting functions to which blacks were not welcome. Even more recently, in 2001, Kilmichael, Mississippi's white mayor and all-white Board of Aldermen abruptly cancelled an election after Census data revealed that African Americans had become the majority in the town and an unprecedented number of African-American candidates were running for office. The Justice Department objected under Section 5. Only after the Justice Department forced Kilmichael to hold an election in 2003 did it elect its first African-American mayor, along with three African-American aldermen.  These are just a couple of examples that are representative of the barriers to political participation that all too many American citizens still face today, in 2006. In addition to finding extensive evidence that covered jurisdictions have continued to engage in discriminatory tactics, we also found that the Section 5 preclearance requirement has served a vital prophylactic purpose in protecting against discriminatory voting practices before they go into place and securing the gains made in minority political participation.  The record also supports renewal of Sections 203 and 4(f)(4), which require bilingual voting assistance for certain language minority groups, to ensure that all Americans are able to exercise their fundamental right as citizens to vote. According to the most recent information from the Census, more than 70 percent of citizens who use language assistance are native born, including Native Americans, Alaska natives and Puerto Ricans. Many of those who benefit from Sections 203 and 4(f)(4) suffer from inadequate educational opportunities to learn English.  These Americans are trying to vote but many of them are struggling with the English language due to disparities in education and the incremental process of learning. We can and we must reauthorize these provisions to make sure there is no literacy test at the polling place. We endured a time in our Nation's history when such tests disenfranchised many voters. Renewing the expiring language provisions will help enable all Americans to participate fully in our Nation's democracy.  The record also supports the need to amend the VRA to restore its original purpose in response to two Supreme Court decisions that have limited its effectiveness. The bill remedies the Supreme Court's holding in Reno v. Bossier Parish, by making clear that a voting rule change motivated by any discriminatory purpose violates Section 5. Under the holding in Reno v. Bossier Parish, certain voting rule changes passed with the intent to discriminate against minorities could pass Section 5 muster. Because such an interpretation is inconsistent with congressional intent and the purpose of the Voting Rights Act to eliminate discriminatory tactics that undermine the guarantees of the 15th Amendment, our bill fixes this inconsistency by clarifying that a voting rule change motivated by any discriminatory purpose also cannot be pre-cleared.  The bill also remedies the Supreme Court's holding in Georgia v. Ashcroft. In this case, the Supreme Court provided an unclear and unworkable test for assessing a jurisdiction's challenge to denial of Section 5 pre-clearance. Congressional intent was to protect the ability of a minority community to elect a candidate of its choice. This legislation clarifies our congressional intent by setting forth defined factors to restore the original understanding of the Voting Rights Act to protect the minority community's ability to elect their preferred candidates of choice.  It has often been said that those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. We must make certain that the significant gains in voting rights over the past four decades do not suffer the same fate as the voting rights provided during Reconstruction. After the Civil War, the Reconstruction Act promised that the guarantees of the 15th Amendment would be realized. Between 1870 and 1900, 22 African-Americans served in the United States Congress. In 1868, Louisiana elected an African-American Lieutenant Governor, Oscar Dunn, and 87 African Americans held seats in the South Carolina legislature. However, these Reconstruction-era gains in African-American voting and representation proved to be short-lived. Following the end of Reconstruction, the rights of African-Americans to vote and to hold office were virtually eliminated in many areas through discriminatory legal barriers, intimidation, and violence. The changes were swift, systematic and severe. By 1896, Representative George White of North Carolina was the only African American remaining in the U.S. Congress, and it would take 72 years after Representative White left Congress for African-American voters in the South to elect another candidate of their choice to Congress.  In Mississippi, the percentage of African-American voting-age men registered to vote fell from over 90 percent during the Reconstruction period to less than 6 percent in 1892. Between 1896 and 1900, the number of African-American voters in Louisiana was reduced from 130,000 to a mere 5,000. Unlike the short-lived gains made by African-American voters during Reconstruction, their exclusion from the ballot box was persistent. Only 3 percent of voting-age African-American men and women in the South were registered to vote in 1940, only 1 percent in Mississippi. These numbers provide a lesson we cannot not ignore.  The passage of the Voting Rights Act in 1965 was a turning point. We have made progress toward a more inclusive democracy since then but I fear that if we fail to reauthorize the expiring provisions of the Voting Rights Act, we are likely to backslide. In his testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, civil rights lawyer Robert McDuff warned:       No place more than Mississippi has been torn by slavery, by      the lost promise of emancipation after the Reconstruction      period, by the resurgence of racist power in the latter part      of the 19th century and most of the 20th, and by the legacy      of poverty and racial separation that still exists. While      people's behavior and people's hearts can change over time,      vigilance is required to ensure that laws and structures      remain in place to prevent us as a society from turning back      to the worst impulses of the past. Occasional flashes of      those impulses illustrate the need for that vigilance.      Important changes have come to pass in Mississippi in the      last 40 years--changes due in large part to the mechanisms of      the Voting Rights Act, particularly the preclearance      provision of Section 5. But, like the gains that were washed      away after the nation abandoned the goals of Reconstruction      in 1876, the progress of the last 40 years is not assured for      the future.  When we have such legal protections that are proven effective when enforced, we should not abandon them prematurely simply in the hope equality will come. Reauthorizing and restoring the Voting Rights Act is the right thing to do, not only for those who came before--the brave people whofought for equality--but also for those who come after us, our children and our grandchildren. No one's right to vote should be abridged, suppressed or denied in the United States of America.  The Voting Rights Act of 1965 is one of the most important laws Congress has ever passed. It helped to usher the country out of a history of discrimination into the greater inclusion of more Americans in the decisions about our Nation's future. Our democracy and our Nation are better and richer for it. We cannot relent in our fight for the fundamental civil rights of all Americans. Congress has reauthorized and revitalized the Act four times pursuant to its constitutional powers. This is no time for backsliding, this is the time to move forward together.  As the Senate completes consideration of this important legislation--the culmination of many months of legislative activity to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act--I welcome the President's statement of support today. It was a long time in coming, and the long way round, but he got there. The President is right to have spoken of racial discrimination as a wound not fully healed. We all want our revitalization of the Voting Rights Act we consider today to help in that healing process and in guaranteeing the fundamental right to vote.  I was reminded today of when the President spoke dramatically last September from New Orleans' Jackson Square and pledged to confront poverty with bold action. I look forward to that bold action. He spoke then of helping our people overcome what he called ``deep, persistent poverty,'' ``poverty with roots in a history of racial discrimination, which cut off generations from the opportunity of America.'' I agree with him. We must, as the President said that night, ``rise above the legacy of inequality.'' That is a shameful legacy that still exists and still needs to be overcome. The President is right that ``the wounds'' of racial discrimination need to be fully healed.  In my judgment, based on the record before this Senate, the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act is needed to ensure that healing.  We heard so often during the civil rights movement ``we shall overcome.'' But it is not just a case of we shall overcome, it is ``we must overcome.''  I also welcome the support of others who have come recently to this cause and struggle. I welcome our Senate bill cosponsors who joined us after the companion House bill had already won 390 votes and even those who joined after the Senate bill was successfully voted out of our Committee, 18-0. It is never too late to join a good cause, and protecting the fundamental right to vote and have Americans' votes count is just such a cause.  Someone who was not late to the struggle but who has been at its forefront since his election to the Senate in 1962 is the senior Senator from Massachusetts. He worked to pass the original landmark Voting Rights Act in 1965. On this issue he is the Senate's leader. It has been an honor to work beside him in this important effort. And work he did. To assemble the record required work. He came to our hearings, helped organize them, helped assemble the witnesses, and when Senators from the majority were unavailable, he and I proceeded with the permission of our chairman to chair those hearings. We would not be passing this bill without the overwhelming support that it will have if it had not been for Senator Kennedy.  Of course, we also honor the senior Senator from Hawaii who likewise voted for the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and each of its reauthorizations. His leadership in these matters is greatly appreciated by this Senator and, I believe, by the Senate.  I also thank the Democratic leader for his help. Senator Reid stayed focused on making sure this essential legislative objective was achieved. He worked with us and the Republican leader throughout. He is a lead sponsor of the legislation and was a key participant at our bicameral announcement on the steps of the Capitol on May 2.  Throughout the process of developing the bill, developing the legislative record and considering the bill, he has never failed to go the extra mile to ensure the success of this effort.  I thank our Chairman and lead Senate sponsor. As I pushed and cajoled and urged action he heard me out. Together with the other active members of the Judiciary Committee, we worked to assemble the necessary record and consider it so that our bill is on a solid factual, legal and constitutional foundation. I thank each of our cosponsors and, in particular, those who joined us early on, those on the Judiciary Committee, and the Republican leader.  There are too many others who deserve thanks. They include Senator Salazar for his contributions throughout and for his thoughtful initiative to broaden those for whom this bill is named by including Cesar Chavez. I look forward to working with him to make that a reality. To all who have supported this effort I say thank you and know that your real thanks will be in the fulfillment of the promise of equality for all Americans in the years ahead.  I wholeheartedly thank the members of the civil rights community.  Led by Wade Henderson and Nancy Zirkin at the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights and by Bruce Gordon and Hilary Shelton of the NAACP and by lawyers like Ted Shaw and Leslie Proll and all the voting rights attorneys who have made the cause of equal justice their lives' work, they have been indispensable to this effort and relentless in their commitment to what is best about America.  I thank my own staff, led by Bruce Cohen, backed by a wonderful staff of Kristine Lucius, Jeremy Paris, Kathryn Neal, Leila George-Wheeler, Margaret Edmonds, and our legal clerks Robynn Sturm, Arline Duffy and Peter Jewett.  I express my appreciation and admiration for all they do to make Congress and America measure up to the promise of our Constitution and the vision that Fannie Lou Hamer, Rosa Parks, Coretta Scott King and Cesar Chavez had for America.  As I said earlier today, all 100 Senators have no problem voting. They can walk into a voting booth in their home State, and nobody is going to say no. We have to make sure that everybody else is treated the same as we 100 Senators are. This is for us, this is for our children, and on a personal level, this is also for our grandchildren.  I yield the floor.  