President, information is vital and sometimes lives depend on it. Is it not in the interests of all Americans to have every member of our society as well-informed on matters of health, safety and our democracy as possible? Do we really want to restrict government publications and communications, such as those on disaster preparedness, public health concerns, if there is an avian flu pandemic, to English only? We have recently seen the extensive and effective reach of Spanish radio in this country. Would we not want to employ that resource in a crisis? Do we really want to tie our hands and require Congress to pass a special statute every time health and safety materials, for example, would be useful?  We already have statutes that call for bilingual election materials to assist language minorities in accordance with our commitment to making participation in voting fair and meaningful. We know that there are many circumstances in which effective access to information requires communications in many ways and many languages.  Would it not have been useful for the President to try to sell and explain the Medicare drug benefit plan with all its complications and permutations in many languages in order to reach the most possible beneficiaries? Do we really intend to require such obviously beneficial actions to need a special statutory authorization? Should we review agency requirements to take warnings in languages other than English off our airlines and automobiles and dangerous equipment? Are we going to stop providing court translators and require all court proceedings, which are themselves official government proceedings, to occur in English, only to the detriment of fairness and justice?  Are we going to go back into the Congressional Record and scrub the statements of Senators Martinez and others who have used Spanish here on the floor? If I recall correctly, the Senator from Oklahoma has spoken on this floor in Spanish. Would this amendment make his use of Spanish illegal--or does the Constitution's ``speech and debate'' clause mean that the rule that he is asking us to adopt applies to everyone else but not to Senators?  Now, the distinguished Senator from Tennessee is on the Senate floor. It was only a few weeks ago that we worked together to adopt the Alexander amendment to S. 2454, the immigration bill we debated in April. The text of Senator Alexander's amendment is included in S. 2611, the bill before us now. The Alexander amendment created a grant program to promote the integration of immigrants into our democracy by teaching civics, history and the English language.  That is the right approach for America to take. The Inhofe amendment takes the opposite approach, the wrong approach and has the effect of stigmatizing those who grew up where Spanish or Chinese or other great languages were spoken. It risks driving a wedge between communities. This is contrary to our values and what we should be seeking to accomplish with this important legislation.  I recognize that not every State is like my home State of Vermont, where the majority of residents speak English. Even in my State, however, there are many families who first came to America speaking only French. My parents-in-law became proud American citizens. They spoke French at home, and that was the first language of my wife. My grandparents emigrated from Italy speaking Italian. That was the first language of my mother until she went to school. We are proud of that.  In prior generations, we welcomed large groups of Irish, Italians, Eastern Europeans, and in recent years, immigrants and refugees from Africa, Asia and many other parts of the world. I wish my French was better. I wish my Latin was more polished. I wish I knew more than a few words and phrases in Chinese and Spanish.  On Monday night, the President spoke eloquently about the need to help newcomers assimilate and embrace our common identity. He spoke of civility and respect for others and said that Americans are bound together by our shared ideals. These are the messages we must send to the American people, not the divisive message of the Inhofe amendment.  I look around this Senate Chamber and engraved in the wall behind the elevated desk and chair of the President of the Senate are the words ``E Pluribus Unum.'' Every school child is taught that expression, ``out of many, one'' and what it means to our shared value of being the United States of America. It points to an important value from our history and today. It points to our struggle to become a nation of many people, of many States, and of many faiths. What is wrong with our using Latin, as we traditionally have and expressing our unity?  Latin expressions mark our official currency and the reverse of the Great Seal of the United States. The phrases ``annuit coeptis'' and ``novus ordo seclorum'' are part of the official symbols of the United States. These expressions are traced back to Virgil and a line from his instruction for farmers, which seeks the favor of God or Providence for our great endeavor to create a nation unlike any that had come before. The second Latin phrase is another allusion to Virgil and notes our seeking a new order.  Our incorporation of languages other than English does not stop there. Take a look at the flag of Connecticut with the phrase ``Qui transtulit sustinet''; the flag for Idaho that includes the phrase ``Esto perpetua''; the Kansas flag that includes the phrase ``ad astra per aspera''; the Maine flag that includes ``Dirigo''; the Massachusetts flag that includes the phrase ``Ense petit placidam sub libertate quietem''; the Michigan flag includes not only ``e pluribus unum'' but also ``Circumspice,'' ``Si quaeris peninsulam amoenam'' and ``Tuebor''; the Missouri flag includes the phrase ``Salus populi suprema lex esto''; the flag of New York includes the expression ``Excelsior''; the Virginia flag includes thephrase ``Sic semper tyrannis''; the flag of West Virginia includes the phrase ``Montani semper liberi''; and the Wisconsin flag also includes the phrase ``e pluribus unum.''  I see the distinguished Presiding Officer, the Senator from Minnesota, and I thought I would include the flag from his own State. The flag of Minnesota includes a French language phrase befitting its history, ``L'etoile du Nord.''  Do we in this Senate mean to demand that the States change their State flags and State mottos to eliminate Latin and French? Do we really mean to frown on their use? Or is it only Spanish, a language derived from Latin that we wish to denigrate? In that case, I remind the Senate that the State of Montana includes on its flag the phrase ``oro y plata,'' a Spanish phrase that serves as the State motto ``gold and silver.''  I remember how silly we looked a couple of years ago when some in the House demanded that French fries be renamed ``freedom fries.'' Does this prohibition apply to Roman numerals, such as those included on the flag of Missouri? Does this body intend to embark down that road? I hope not, I pray not.  