President, I appreciate what the senior Senator from Pennsylvania said. Senator Specter and I have been friends for many years. I think we have accomplished a great deal in the Judiciary Committee. I agree with him this is the most important thing we will do. But I might also note, on a personal note about the Senator from Pennsylvania, much of what was accomplished during that time he was fighting a very serious illness. I compliment the Senator from Pennsylvania for his perseverance during that time.  The Voting Rights Act is the cornerstone of our civil rights laws. We honor those who fought through the years for equality by extending the Voting Rights Act to ensure their struggles are not forsaken and not forgotten, and that the progress we have made not be sacrificed. We honor their legacy by reaffirming our commitment to protect the right to vote for all Americans.  The distinguished senior Senator from Massachusetts, who is on the floor, was in the forefront of this battle the first time around. He and his family, his late brothers, the President and brother Senator Robert Kennedy--President Kennedy, Senator Robert Kennedy, and now Senator Edward Kennedy, have been in the forefront of the civil rights battle. This has been a personal thing for them. It has been a commitment that has spoken to the conscience of our Nation, and I applaud my friend from Massachusetts for what he and has family have done.  Reauthorizing and restoring the Voting Rights Act is the right thing to do, not only for those who came before--the brave and visionary people who fought for equality, some at great personal sacrifice, some even giving their lives--but also for those who come after us, our children and our grandchildren. All of our children, all of our grandchildren, should know that their right to vote will not be abridged, suppressed or denied in the United States of America, no matter their color, no matter their race, no matter what part of the country from which they come.  I do thank the chairman for following the suggestion to convene the Judiciary Committee yesterday in special session to consider what really is bipartisan, bicameral legislation to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act. In fact, our Senate bill, S. 2703, is cosponsored by the distinguished Republican leader and the distinguished Democratic leader, by a bipartisan majority of the Judiciary Committee and by a bipartisan majority of the Senate. In fact, at the end of our committee meeting yesterday, we had a rollcall vote. We voted unanimously to report our bill favorably to the Senate.  I mention that because so many of the things that have to go through the Judiciary Committee tend to be of a divisive nature. This was a unanimous vote. I have commended all those in the Judiciary Committee who worked so hard over the last several months to build a fair and extensive record and bring us to this point today. As I said earlier, I commend Senator Kennedy for his work. I agree with Senator Specter, when he gets passionate about a subject he doesn't need a microphone.  I commend those who started with doubts--and there were serious doubts; some regional, some for legal matters. But those who had doubts have now come around to supporting our bipartisan bill.  Because the bill we take up today and the bill from the committee to report are so similar, I know the Senate debate will be informed by the extensive record we have built before the Judiciary Committee. Over the last 4 months, we held nine hearings on allaspects of this matter and on the overall bill itself. In another indication of bipartisanship, those hearings were chaired by large numbers of members of the committee and chaired by both Republican and Democratic Senators who wanted to send a signal that this is not a partisan matter.  All of those hearings were fairly conducted. Those Senate hearings supplement those held in the House on this matter. Indeed, our first hearing was held for the express purpose of hearing from the lead sponsors from the House and to receive the results of their hearings into our Senate Record. In fact, in anticipation of this bill coming to the floor, I have included statements in the Record in the course of this week to help make sure we have a complete record before the Senate before we vote. For example, on Tuesday, my statement focused on the continuing need for Section 5. On Wednesday, my statement focused on the continuing need for Section 203. They reflect my views as the lead Democratic Senate sponsor.  We have fewer than two dozen legislative days left in this session of Congress, so I appreciate the willingness of the Republican and Democratic leadership to take up this important measure without delay. I know the House of Representatives had to delay consideration of the Voting Act for a month due to the recalcitrance of some, recalcitrance that was overwhelmed in their vote. Here, I hope we do not suffer the same delay. This is a time for us to debate, consider, and vote on this important legislation. We should pass the bill in the same form as the House so it can be signed into law before the Senate recesses for the remainder of the summer.  There has been speculation about why we are here today. Some tied it to the fact that for the first time in his Presidency, President Bush is going to appear before the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the NAACP. I, for one, applaud him for going before the NAACP. All Presidents should, Republican or Democrat. And in fact, if that had anything to do with the success in getting this bill moved expeditiously through the Senate, I have a number of other organizations I hope will invite him to get other legislation moving.  The House-passed bill and the committee-reported bill is very similar. We introduced them in a bipartisan, bicameral, coordinated effort in May. The only change made to the House-passed bill was the inclusion of a governmental study added in the House Judiciary Committee. I urge the Senate to accept that addition.  The only change made during the Senate Judiciary Committee was to add an Hispanic civil rights leader to the roster of the civil rights leaders for whom the bill is named. We did this at the suggestion of Senator Salazar. It is a good suggestion. We did this unanimously. I commend the Senator for it. As Senator Salazar has reminded us, ``Cesar Chavez is an American hero. He sacrificed his life to empower the most vulnerable in America. He believed strongly in the democracy of America and saw the right to vote as a cornerstone of our freedom.'' I offered the amendment in the Judiciary Committee and it was adopted without dissent.  I told Senator Salazar that I recall the dinner with Marcelle and myself, our son Kevin and his wife Carolyn, and our granddaughter Francesca in the small Italian restaurant, Sarduccis, in Montpelier, Vermont. A family next to us came over to introduce themselves. It was Cesar Chavez's son. He apologized for interrupting our dinner. He wanted to say hello. I told him how proud I was to be interrupted and to meet him because his father had been a hero of mine. They were in Vermont because they were going to the Barre Quarry where the memorial to his father was carved.  I have also consulted with Senator Salazar. Neither of us wants to complicate final passage of the Voting Rights Act so I urge the Senate to proceed to the House-passed bill and resist amendments so it can be signed into law without having to be reconsidered by the House. With respect to the short title of the bill and the roster of civil rights leaders honored, I have committed to work with Senator Salazar to conform the law to include due recognition of the contribution to our civil rights and voting rights by Cesar Chavez in follow up legislation.  The Voting Rights Act reauthorization is named for three very important civil rights leaders, as the Senator from Pennsylvania pointed out.  Fannie Lou Hamer was a courageous advocate for the right to vote. She risked her life to secure the right to vote for all Americans. Coretta Scott King was a tenacious fighter for equality for the civil rights movement in the 1960s, and right up to the time of her passing. Many of us in this Chamber met the late Mrs. King. Everyone in the Senate can remember when less than a year ago the body of Rosa Parks lay in state in the Capitol. She was the first African American woman in our history to be so honored. She was honored because of her dignified refusal to be treated as a second-class citizen sparked the Montgomery bus boycotts that are often cited as the symbolic beginning of the modern civil rights movement.  Everyone in this Chamber would be horrified to think that somebody would be treated differently because of the color of their skin, but in the lifetime of every Senator sitting in this Chamber today, we have seen such discrimination. Let's make sure we take this step. It will not remove all discrimination, by any means, but it is a major step to let everyone in the country know that all of us are equal as Americans with equal rights, despite the color of our skin.  Last week, after months of work, the House of Representatives, led by Congressmen John Conyers, Mel Watt, John Lewis, and Chairman Sensenbrenner, rejected all efforts to reduce the sweep and effect of the Voting Rights Act. Congressman John Lewis--himself a courageous leader during those transformational struggles only decades ago, a man who was nearly killed trying to retain the rights of African Americans, said during the House debate:       When historians pick up their pens and write about this      period, let it be said that those of us in the Congress in      2006, we did the right thing. And our forefathers and our      foremothers would be very proud of us. Let us pass a clean      bill without any amendments.  That is my friend John Lewis from the House of Representatives. I want our foremothers and forefathers to be proud of us, but I want our children and our grandchildren to be proud of us, too.  The bill we are considering in the Senate today passed the other body with 390 votes in favor. In fact, the other body rejected all four amendments offered. They wanted to have a clean bill. They listened to John Lewis. They listened to the others. I congratulate the House cosponsors, both Republicans and Democrats, for their successful efforts. I hope we can repeat them in the Senate.  On May 2, when our congressional leadership joined together on the steps of the Capitol to announce a bipartisan and bicameral introduction of the Voting Rights Act, it was a historic announcement. I noted in my journal it was one of the proudest moments I had in my years in the Senate, an occasion almost unprecedented during the recent years of partisanship.  Let's not relent in our fight for the fundamental civil rights of all Americans. Working together, we should pass a clean bipartisan voting rights bill. Congress has reauthorized and revitalized the act four times, each time with overwhelming bipartisan support, pursuant to our constitutional powers. This is not a time for backsliding. This is a time to move forward together.  So let us unite to renew this cornerstone, let us rededicate ourselves to its noble purpose, and let us commemorate the many who suffered and endured to bring our cherished ideals closer to reality for millions of our fellow Americans. Let us guarantee those rights for millions of our fellow Americans to come.  I yield the floor.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Burns). The Senator from Tennessee.  