President, today I wish to stress the problems and impact the President's legacy program, the Affordable Care Act--known as ObamaCare--is having on Kansans and, for that matter, patients and people all over the country.  I know some of this has been repeated over and over. The problem is, it seems the administration continues to turn a blind eye, unfortunately, to some very egregious problems which plague the President's legacy program. Perhaps the title of my remarks should be ``Promises Made and Promises Not Kept.''  When I travel home to Kansas and talk to people involved in the rural and urban health care delivery system, folks who came to the townhall meetings because they were worried and concerned about ObamaCare to begin with, that concern turned to frustration, then it turned to fear, and now it switched back into anger. They have said: What on Earth can we do to solve some of these problems and these challenges which are directly affecting people in such an egregious way?  I think everybody now understands the rollout of the health care exchanges was a debacle. I think that is the favorite word of the people writing and providing news about this. But the point is the administration has failed to hold anyone at the Department of Health and Human Services accountable for the complete failure of the exchange, the waste of taxpayer dollars, and the confusion and headaches this has caused. I know the only one who has been held accountable--or terminated, if you will, fired--was the current contractor and they have hired a new contractor. There is news--which we would have to confirm--that the new contractor was recently fired by the National Health Service in Great Britain for being $2 billion over on the contract. That doesn't bode well if we are going to actually fix this Web site.  At the time of the rollout, the refrain was that ObamaCare is certainly more than a Web site. Similar to Nancy Pelosi's words prior to passage, we were all told: Just wait and see. That is still what the refrain is, with the presumption that things are going to workout, it will just take time, for the American people.  Unfortunately, what I and many of my colleagues have said is coming true and a lot of people back in Kansas have told me is coming true in what they are going through, and it is the polar opposite of what was promised by this President. Again, promises made, promises not kept.  Estimates are that over 5 million people have received cancellation of their health care policies and that is just in the 35 States for which we have estimates. So much for the promise, ``if you like your plan, you can keep it,'' which has been highly publicized.  The President proposed a so-called fix to this problem, which caused insurance companies to scramble to delay things until after the midterm election, and the only person in America for whom this was convenient was the President. It is still not working.  What about the promise of less cost? A specific promise made by the President, of those people forced into the exchanges we continue to get reports--firsthand reports, I know, to everybody in the Senate and the House as well--reports that have received a lot of coverage with regard to the news media that the premiums are going up, not down, as promised by the President. There are reports of ObamaCare more than doubling people's costs and increasing deductibles by sevenfold. I am not sure that is the average, but that at least is a high one with regard to some of the reports that are still coming in, obviously becoming then more than people can afford.  It is no surprise that only 2.2 million have signed up, and 2 to 1 on that goes to Medicaid as opposed to the new program, so one can see where we are headed with regard to Medicaid and some of the challenges there. That is according to the recent estimates of the Department of Health and Human Services. That is far below what was expected.  Of those enrollees, only one-quarter of them are young and healthy individuals, and that is a problem. Without younger and healthier people in the exchanges to offset costs, we can only expect premiums to rise even higher. Once people are enrolled that is not the end of their problems, however. Some folks in Kansas are reporting that when they go to the doctor, they only then discover they do not have the insurance they thought they purchased. Some have had to cancel planned appointments with their doctors because their exchange coverage was not in order or could not be confirmed. In some of the worst cases, patients in the emergency room were forced between getting care they desperately needed or leaving to avoid high costs when their coverage could not be verified. That is exactly opposite of what the President promised--again, promises made and promises not kept.  Emergency rooms will face more problems in the future. Recent studies have shown that instead of reducing emergency room utilization as the President promised, which has been identified as a crowning achievement, people with coverage are actually accessing the emergency room more than their uninsured counterparts.  Some weeks ago I spoke about one of my favorite topics, in that as a member of the HELP Committee and the Finance Committee, the amendments that I had dealt with rationing and the worry of rationing with regard to the Affordable Health Care Act or at that time what was called PPACA, now referred to as ObamaCare or the Affordable Care Act, depending on which side you are on.  These rationing boards represent some of the more frightening aspects of the law. I have always referred to them as the four rationers. I think a colleague of mine, who is an expert on health care, actually said they are the ``Four Horsemen of the ObamaCare Apocalypse.''  Let me go down these four rationers. It gets involved, but patients and people worried about their health care coverage have every reason to worry about them.  First is the CMS Innovation Center. We know what that stands for, the CMS Innovation Center. That allows CMS to use taxpayer dollars to invest in ways to reduce patient access to care that they may want. What this means for patients is the CMS has a new and expanded power over and above what they are already doing to cut payments to Medicare beneficiaries, with the goal to reduce program expenditures but the reality being they will reduce patient access to health care, to their doctor.  Second, rationing. The new authorities granted to the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force--that is a mouthful, USPSTF--I don't know how on Earth one would pronounce that acronym, but it is the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force. These folks are to determine what should and should not be covered by health insurance. It is some unelected group of bureaucrats deciding what should and should not be covered by health insurance. What this means for patients is that if the USPSTF, the mouthful acronym doesn't recommend it, then it will not be covered by your health care plan and you will bear the cost of the procedure.  Here is the third rationing. The Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute, that is the PCORI, if you are discussing health care policy with CMS or the Department of Health and Human Services, does comparative effective research--comparative, effective research, CER.  To me, that is a slippery slope--that I tried to amend back during consideration within the HELP Committee and the Finance Committee, unsuccessfully on a party-line vote--that will lead to the government deciding whether the care or a treatment a patient wants is worth paying for. What this means for patients is that research could be abused to arbitrarily deny patients access to treatments or--and treatments by age or by gender or by race--services to save the government money.  If that was not enough, finally, the fourth horseman, there is everyone's nemesis, IPAB, the Independent Payment Advisory Board. We don't want to saddle up on this horse. This is a board made up of 15 unelected bureaucrats who will decide what gets to stay, what gets to go into Medicare coverage. We used to do that in this body and over in the House. It was alleged during debate that we could not make those decisions because we were too close to the people involved.  What is that all about? Isn't that what we are supposed to be doing in terms of representing the folks we represent? No, it has to go to this 15-member unelected board that will decide what gets to stay and what gets to go in Medicare coverage.  They will decide what treatments and services will be covered and which will not. The primary reason is to save money. Goodness knows we are all for saving money in the health care system--or saving money period, given our national debt and all that involves. This Board has no accountability. There is no confirmation process; they are appointed. There is no real transparency and we cannot do anything about it. I think the provision of the bill is we can say, wait a minute, they made the wrong decision on Medicare payments to hospitals or to any part of our health care delivery system, that we could by a supermajority, 67 votes, maybe change it, maybe not.  I have been talking about the four rationers for a long time and what it means to patients. I will continue to talk about that. I will come to the floor after next week and see if we can't put this together in a little bit better way so people are alert to what is going on and people are alert to what dangers lurk for them in regard to the availability of their doctor and their current way of treating themselves and their family.  What is scary about this, as I watched all the other warnings and broken promises come true, is what is going to happen to Kansas constituents and those across the country when these new warnings about ObamaCare continue to come true. The bottom line? We need to protect, we truly need to protect the all-important relationship between the doctor and the patient, which now is at risk.  In order to do that, it seems to me that small fixes are not going to do this. We need to repeal and, most importantly, replace ObamaCare with real reforms that work, not only for Kansans but everybody across the country. The whole program needs to be repealed, replaced, defunded, delayed, not just the parts that are politically convenient for the President or the parts that have yet to be decidedby the President as the Lizzy Borden ax falls in regard to those decisions. I know Kansans and the American people certainly deserve better.  I am going to talk and talk about the four rationers again in more detail. This only serves as a warning and an alert about promises made, promises not kept, but people have to understand who these four rationers are, what they intended to do, and what the dangers are and why amendments to prevent rationing were not successful in the beginning when this bill was passed.  I yield the floor and it appears to me we do not have a quorum.  