Hutchison, KS, is where we have the State fair every year. I was somebody then. I was the chairman of the sometimes powerful House Committee on Agriculture, and I had made a pitch to get the Secretary of Agriculture to actually come to the fair, thinking that Mike Johanns would be a far better speaker than myself and maybe I could avoid some trouble. So I had the Secretary come and I made the promise that every farmer who wanted to ask the Secretary of Agriculture a question would have that opportunity. I hadn't bothered to tell Mike about it, but when he arrived on the scene, he nodded his head and said: Fine. He had this yellow tablet under his arm, and with ample staff, some who used to work for me, but that is beside the point.  So cutting things short, all the activities in the State fair he attended, and he dutifully went around to every exhibit, and we finally ended up in the amphitheater and there must have been 150 to 175 farmers all lined up waiting to speak to or to question the Secretary of Agriculture. I thought to myself: Oh, my gosh, what have I done? The Secretary is coming in--I didn't know Mike that well at that particular time--and what have I gotten him into?  But Mike didn't seem to be bothered at all. He was absolutely comfortable, unflappable. He had the microphone and he sat down at a table, put down the yellow tablet and said: Yes, sir, and what is your first question and what is your name? The individual would give his name and the question, and Mike would write down the question. He said: Thank you very much for that. It will receive all of our attention. Next.  He went through the whole 125 or 150 and never answered a question, but he wrote it down. Every farmer who came up later to me said: You know, the Secretary wrote down my question. They were tremendously impressed, as opposed to me. Silly me, I would have tried to answer their questions, and we would have been there 2 or 3 hours, Lord knows how long. So I asked Mike: How do you get by with that? He said: Well, it saves a lot of time and you never get in trouble by what you don't say, which always sort of stuck with me and what a class act he was.  County commissioner, mayor of Lincoln, Governor, Secretary of Agriculture, U.S. Senate. I suppose if I floated a balloon for you to be President that you might--no, Stephanie wouldn't buy it and you wouldn't either. But that would be the logical next step, Mike, and I think we certainly could and probably will do a lot worse. But at any rate, since I brought up Stephanie, Franki and I extend our very best wishes and love.  I do have somewhat of a minor discomfort, it isn't a quarrel--I would never quarrel with Stephanie--but some degree of discomfort.  We have to have meetings around here a lot, and some of us stay for the whole thing. We would always look around for Mike. He would be around for the fireworks and then he would leave and he would always go home--because he had a home very close on Capitol Hill--to be with Stephanie.  She is absolutely wonderful. She has the best smile ever. You cannot be unhappy or in a bad mood ever when you see Stephanie.  So I would come to work in the Hart Building or here in the Capitol and I would happen to run into Stephanie and she would always come up with that big smile on her face and say: Hi, Pat. How are things going?  What are you going to do? I mean, I am trying to be the curmudgeon of the Senate, but Grassley keeps edging me out. So here I would be in sort of a bad or a grumpy mood and she would flash that smile, and I would say: Just fine. Then I would be feeling pretty good and I would go into the office. They would say: What is wrong? You have a smile on your face. I would say, ``I've been Stephanized.'' I am truly going to miss that.  I remember the time we were sitting probably right about here in the back. We had just concluded the farm bill for the first time, and then it took us 400 days to get the rest of it. Mike is an expert on agriculture program policy. Ask anybody else if they would like to talk about agriculture program policy and you would get a high glaze after about 8 seconds--but not Michael. Mike knows agriculture farm program policy. We call it farm program policy in Nebraska and Kansas, but he knows an awful lot about it.  I asked him: How many people do you think in this body, in this Senate, absolutely understand farm program policy? He retorted: How many people want to understand agriculture program policy? We decided there were about 5 in the Senate and maybe about 10 in the House--which shows you why we have a tough time getting the farm bill done.  I relied on his advice and counsel when I was the ranking member. I am so sorry--I regret--should I have the privilege of becoming chairman of the Senate agriculture committee, I would look forward to a dynamic duo with regard to what we could accomplish. But Senator Johanns is like Shane: Come back, Shane. Come back, Mike. But Shane rode away, and the Senator is going to ride back to Nebraska. I give him that, and I give him all of the success he can possibly have.  Six years is all this man has served. Some people have been here a lot longer. I have. You can accomplish a lot in 6 years. People say: What can you do in 6 years?  No. 1, you can work on legislation and you can know what you are talking about and you can earn people's respect and you can be smart about it. I don't mean smart smart. I mean just smart, so that what you say and whenyou say it, people pay attention. That is precisely the kind of person Mike is. You can have all the integrity in the world and you can do exactly what he says when he talks about the people of Nebraska.  The people of Kansas are very similar to the people of Nebraska. My only complaint with the people of Nebraska is they chose to go play in the Big Ten and are finding it a little more difficult than running the track meets they used to run against Kansas State and KU. But if you want to go to the Big Ten and do that, why that is your business--but we have the same kind of roots.  I have always said there are no self-made men or women in public office. It is our friends and the people we represent who make us what we are, and Senator Johanns has spoken so eloquently to that.  Michael, I was trying to think of a tag I could label you with that might be noteworthy of everything you stand for. Others will do better than I and others have already said that. I simply come up by saying that you are an uncommon man with a very common touch, and I am going to miss you--and everybody in the conference is going to miss you and I suspect everybody in the Senate is going to miss you for the way you have conducted yourself and the job you have done for Nebraska.  We wish you all the best and we love you.  The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Manchin). The Senator from Maine.  