I made considerable comments yesterday, and there are some other comments I feel should be said about this--probably a dozen or more things. However, I wish to return to that discussion.  We have heard a lot in this debate about commercials. Everybody is concerned about commercials--those 30-second ads that are driving everybody crazy, that everyone wants taken off the air, and that we want to regulate and restrict and punish. We don't like them. No one likes them. We want to make them go away.  Well, let's forget about the commercials for just a second. Let's talk about the show. Does anybody watch the show? It sometimes seems as though the only thing on TV that my colleagues care about are the commercials about themselves. But there actually are other things on TV. There are actual programs that fill up the time between the commercials. Let's talk about those.  There is, of course, all sorts of programming on television: sports, movies, sitcoms, reality shows. Pretty much everything--and I mean everything--is on TV now.  There are a lot of politics on TV. The politics come in a range of formats. It comes unvarnished on C-SPAN. It is delivered through news and commentary on cable channels. It is satirized and made fun of on the late night shows. It appears in documentaries and feature films.  The Citizens United case itself was the result of a political film--a film about Hillary Clinton. During the litigation there were arguments over whether the film and its advertisements could be treated as ``electioneering communications'' and, therefore, regulated and restricted by campaign finance laws. In rendering its decision, the Court properly saw, in my view, the film for what it was: An encouragement for people to vote against Hillary Clinton. This is what the Court said in its holding: The movie, in essence, is a feature-length negative advertisement that urges viewers to vote against then-Senator Clinton for President. In light of this historical footage, interviews with persons critical of her, and voiceover narration, the film would be understood by most viewers as an extended criticism of the Senator's character and her fitness for the Office of the Presidency. The narrative may contain more suggestions and arguments than facts, but there is little doubt that the thesis of the film is that she is unfit for the Presidency.  Then the Court went on to say:       The narrator reminds viewers that Americans have never been      keen on dynasties and that a vote for Hillary is a vote to      continue 20 years of a Bush or a Clinton in the White      House.  Then the Court found this:       There is no reasonable interpretation of Hillary other than      as an appeal to vote against Senator Clinton. The film      qualifies as the functional equivalent of express advocacy.  Having made that determination, the question then becomes, Should the government be able to prevent it from being seen? The court held the answer to that question was no and struck down as unconstitutional the laws that would prevent or constrain the distribution of the film.  My colleagues on the other side want those laws to be put back in place. They believe the government should be able to control the content, the financing, the distribution of films that reference candidates for office, and they are pushing this constitutional amendment to make that possible.  Now, we can expect there will be a lot more about Hillary Clinton on TV over the next couple of years. Some of it will be favorable and some of it will be unfavorable. Thanks to the Citizens United decision, the government won't be able to control what is said about her or any other potential candidate for the presidency--either party.  My colleagues do not have much to worry about when it comes to programming about Hillary Clinton. I don't think they need to worry about the show. They know there are a small number of conservative film makers who will attack her and whatever they produce is unlikely to reach a wide audience.  On the other hand, there is a huge multitude of liberal film producers, directors, and writers who like--if not love--Hillary Clinton and want to see her get elected to the Presidency, and they will do whatever they can to help her achieve that goal.  Secretary Clinton's recent book tour provided a good preview of the kind of programming we can expect to see more of should she decide to run for President. And luckily for her, there are plenty of television personalities who will help her sell herself to Americans, not just her book.  For example, one recent appearance on the Stephen Colbert show was clearly designed to soften her image. In an extended segment that could be seen as either amusing or nauseating, depending on your perspective, Colbert conducted a phony interview designed to show his viewers how smart and funny Hillary Clinton is.  Of course, Colbert can do whatever he wants with his show. No one questions that. But it should be obvious that the show amounts to a corporate-financed and political expenditure. Everything on the show--the studio, the host, the equipment, the writers, the director, the cameraman--everything is paid for by a corporation. Is there anyone in the Chamber who thinks that a corporation doesn't have the right to do that? Of course not. They like the show. And those on the other side know they can expect all sorts of similar programming in the months and years ahead. That doesn't bother them.  But the commercials are a different story. What if someone wanted to buy a 30-second ad during the show to present an alternative perspective. Well, we can't have that, can we? That would be intolerable. It would present a threat to our democracy. We have to amend the Constitution to prevent that. The absurdity is evident.  My colleagues on the other side of the aisle think our First Amendment allows one sort of programming to have unrestricted and unhindered access to the media, while other sorts must be limited and constrained. I submit that is preposterous.  In our system of government, all voices have the right to be heard. The First Amendment gives them that right. There is so much nonsense in this debate about buying elections and drowning out voices. We have a system that allows all voices to be heard, even those that oppose the majority. That is not the antithetical to democracy; it is the essence of democracy.  So it is time, it seems to me, to stop pretending that allowing more voices to be heard somehow poses a danger just because we don't like what they are saying.  Elections can't be bought. Voters will decide who wins them. They will make that decision based on what they think of the candidates, and what they think will be based on what they see and hear of the candidates. Then they will vote. When they do so, their vote will be equal to that of every other citizen. It doesn't matter how rich they are or what they do for a living or whether they even have their own TV show or never even watch TV. Every citizen gets one vote.  As they make their decision about how we are going to cast it, we need to make sure they are able to hear all voices. That is what the First Amendment does. It ensures that all voices have the right to be heard, and we don't need to change it to make that happen.  Those who are pushing this constitutional amendment don't want more voices to be heard, they want less.  There should never be any confusion about the intent of this constitutional amendment. It is to allow this majority to pass laws that will silence their opponents and ignores all the pious claims about the grand intent to recognize it for what it is--a cynical attempt to protect themselves from criticism.  Don't be fooled.  