President, first of all, I appreciate the opportunity to get wedged in here. There are a number of very interesting things happening today. One is the CRA that I am very much concerned about. I know that my good friend from Massachusetts did not misrepresent something intentionally; however, this is a little bit more complicated than people think it is.  I spoke earlier this week on our need to roll back a lot of these regulations that were handed down during the Obama administration. They are all a part of that War on Fossil Fuels, and as you hear, that war is still going on with some of those individuals. However, President Obama is gone, and now we have to look at some of these overregulations.  For a number of years, I chaired the Environment and Public Works Committee. During that period of time, that particular committee had the jurisdiction over the EPA, which is where most of the bad regulations came from. When I say ``bad regulations,'' I am talking about the overregulations that make it very difficult for our companies to compete with foreign companies that don't have these types of regulations.  Let me share something that is not very well understood, and that is what a CRA really is. There are a lot of people of the liberal persuasion who would like very much to have everything they could regulated in Washington, DC. For example, one of the fights we had was the WOTUS fight. If you ask any of the farmers and ranchers in America--not just in my State of Oklahoma but Nebraska and many other States--what is the most serious problem they have, they would say it is the overregulation of the EPA. If you ask them, of all the regulations, which ones are the most difficult for the farmers out there trying to scratch a living, they will say it is the regulations on water.  Historically, the jurisdiction of water is a State jurisdiction. Now, a liberal always wants that jurisdiction to be with the Federal Government in Washington. That is their nature. I don't criticize them for that. They believe that. But if you ask the farmers in my State of Oklahoma, they will say they don't want that to happen. Historically, water has always been the State's jurisdiction, with the exception of navigable water. We understand that navigable water should have a Federal jurisdiction. In fact, I would have to say there was a real effort 6 years ago by a Senator who at that time was representing the State of Wisconsin and a House Member who was representing a district in Minnesota. Those two individuals introduced legislation to take the word ``navigable'' out of water regulations so the Federal Government would have jurisdiction over all of the water in the States as opposed to the State having that jurisdiction. Not only did we defeat the legislation, but both of those Members were defeated in the polls when they came up for reelection on that issue. The people are clearly on our side.  Where does a CRA come in? A CRA is something that has been used to shed light on what we are doing here. I am talking about with respect to our elected representatives. If there are regulations that are punitive to the businesses back home, when the Senator goes back to his or her State, they can say: Well, that wasn't I, that was an unelected bureaucrat who did that. I am opposed to it. They have a shield so people don't really know where they stand. A CRA takes away that shield because the CRA challenges a regulation, and it has to be voted on, forcing Members of the Senate and the House to be responsible for how they are really voting. It is a way of shedding light.  We have a lot of CRAs coming. One is going to be a CRA that I sponsored having to do with a regulation in the Dodd-Frank bill, in section 1504. As I mentioned, most of the overregulations come from the EPA, but this particular regulation didn't come from the EPA. It came from the Dodd-Frank banking legislation having to do with financial services. It is in a section that had nothing to do with financial services. Section 1504 requires all information to be made public that would come from a bid. In the United States of America, our oil and gas companies are in the private sector, but in China it is run by the government. If we are competing for an oil and gas issue that might be in Tanzania and we are competing with China, China would be competing as a government, and we would be doing itin the private sector. Section 1504 requires the private sector to disclose all elements of their bid when they are competing for a contract with China. The reason for this initially was to preclude a country's leaders from attempting to steal money that was given to them for a certain oil project. With this disclosure, they would not be able to do it. Well, you don't have to have all the components of the bid. All you have to have is the top line, how much money was actually sent to, in this case, the country of Tanzania.  The courts came along in 2014 and said this regulation was wrong. There are a couple of problems. One problem is that there is no reason in the world that you should have a mandate to disclose all the details of a bid because that is giving away information to the competition, giving the other side an advantage. The other problem is the expense of it. We are talking about $600 million a year that would be borne by the private sector in America that China would not have to pay. So it only punishes those within the United States.  After the courts threw this out, the SEC should have reworked the rule. They were instructed to rework the rule so every detail of the bidding did not have to be disclosed, just the total amount. That solved the problem that was perceived to be out there because then it would be known that so much money, for instance, maybe a check for $50 million, would go out, and we wouldn't have to break down the details of it. The main thing is, we need to know, in good government--and that was the intention in the first place--how much money was going to a foreign government.  Some have argued that the CRA is motivated by companies who want to get around transparency. That is clearly not the case. The courts have said it is not the case. Oil and gas companies in particular are longstanding supporters of greater transparency initiatives such as the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative, the EITI, that is a multilateral, multistakeholder global initiative composed of energy companies, civil society organizations, and host governments. The EITI rules would apply equally to all companies that would be operating in a country. That would level the playing field.  We have also heard from those on the left saying that voting to repeal the rule would be a vote in favor of corruption. Yet, importantly, the United States already has in place the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits the paying of bribes to foreign officials to assist in obtaining or trying to retain business. The Federal Government is able to bring civil enforcement actions against companies that violate this rule, and section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act did not change that. That was in place before and is still in place now. If we pass the CRA and eliminate section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank Act, it is not going to change things.  There are others in the humanitarian community who have expressed concern to me that the CRA will undermine efforts to fight corruption in other governments around the world. Let me assure you that I support your goal.  The courts were emphatic when they said this regulation should be repealed. In fact, it was taken down by the court way back in 2013. Well, it has come back up again. What we want to do is merely comply with what the courts told us to do in 2013, and that is to use the CRA to knock out this section 1504 and go back and rewrite it to take out merely the requirement for a breakdown of all the individual elements of a contract. That is something we intend to do.  I see my good friend from West Virginia, who I think would understand just as well as anyone that when I go back to my State of Oklahoma, they say to me: You have a President--this was back when President Obama was President--who has a War on Fossil Fuels. Fossil fuels are coal, oil, gas, and I would include nuclear. Coming from my State of Oklahoma, they ask: Explain how, if 89 percent of the power that is generated in America comes from fossil fuels and nuclear and they are successful in doing away with it, how do we run this machine called America? The answer is, we can't. We have to have it.  I think we all understand what we want to do is have this rule changed so we are not put at a competitive disadvantage so we are able to go ahead and compete with countries that have a government-run system. To be able to do that, we need to rewrite this particular act. Again, the courts have already agreed to that and that is what we are attempting to do.  For those concerned about the timing and speed of the CRA, I have good news. The actual rule is not set to go into effect until 2018 anyway. The more swiftly we can enact the CRA, the more time it will give us and the SEC to rework it. This is something that is perfectly acceptable.  Some of my critics say we can't come back with a rule that is substantially the same. This will not be substantially the same. Actually, this is what the court recommended in 2013.  In closing, I want to ask this question: If we put forth a rule that makes it harder for U.S. companies overseas, who will fill the void? The U.S. companies have the best environmental standards, the best labor practices, and the least corruption of many of the other countries. However, if this vacuum is there, the business will go to companies from China, India, and Mexico that don't care about pollution and don't care about labor standards. That is not what we want to have happen. What we need to do is foster a strong competitive environment, with reduced corruption overseas, for the benefit of those living under these governments.  So I invite my colleagues to join me in this effort to do away with this regulation through the CRA and to repeal section 1504 of Dodd-Frank and rewrite it so it accomplishes the goal of stopping corruption and at the same time is not going to put us at a competitive disadvantage.  With that, I yield the floor.  