 President, I wish to pay tribute to a truly outstanding Senator, who will soon retire from this body after more than 30 years of public service.  Of course, I am speaking of Senator Mike Johanns. Mike has had a remarkable career. He is the only current Member of this body--besides Senator Alexander--who has served as Senator, Governor, and Cabinet Secretary.  Yet for all he has accomplished, Mike isn't the flashiest Senator. He doesn't hold the most press conferences, he doesn't yell the loudest, and you never have to worry about him knocking you over to get to a TV camera, but in his steady and determined style, Mike has proven himself a remarkably successful Member of this body.  That was true in his successful battles to defend Nebraska's rural communities against government overreach, it was true when he worked with the late Senator Byrd to sink a national energy tax that threatened his constituents, and it was true when he led the first successful legislative effort to revisit ObamaCare, working with many Democrats to repeal the so-called 1099 provision.  Mike has never looked for drama. He is always aiming for results. So it didn't take long for people in the Senate to recognize that Mike was more than just another freshman in the minority. He became the guy you would turn to if you wanted to get an amendment up to 60 votes.  That is truly remarkable for a first-term Senator. It is especially remarkable when we consider that Mike  came to the Senate at a time when Republicans were in the deep minority. But then again, Mike  is a very remarkable guy: county commissioner, city councilman, mayor, Governor, Secretary of Agriculture. You name it, Mike  has done it, and that was before he even set foot in the Senate.  Some think Mike  must have a secret that allows him to assemble bipartisan coalitions on conservative issues, but I don't think it is much of a secret at all. Mike  works across the aisle. He works in good faith, and he works hard. He doesn't care what party you are from and absolutely no one can outwork him.  Mike  makes sure of that by getting up earlier than anyone else. It is a habit he learned growing up on a farm in northern Iowa. He would get up at 5 a.m. every day and then from age 4 he would work. He would shovel muck. He would fill the hog tanks. He would even deliver piglets.  