 Families are losing work because of government attacks on the coal industry and communities are hurting.  Tonight we are going to hear 30 hours of excuses from a group of people who think that it is just OK that we have a depression in Appalachia. Well, it is not OK. It is cruel. It is cruel to tell struggling coal families that they can't have a job because some billionaire in San Francisco disagrees with their line of work.  Let me relay a message from a Kentucky miner named Howard. What you are going to hear over the next 30 seconds is more important than anything these anticoal liberals will say over the next 30 hours.  Here is what Howard had to say:       I say to you, Mister President of the United States . . .      We're hurting. You say you're the president of the people?      Well, we're people too. No one loves the mountains more than      we do. We live here. We crawl between them. We get up every      morning and we go to the top of a mountain in a strip job in      the cold rain and snow to put bread on the table. Come and      look at our little children, look at our people, Mr.      President. You're not hurting for a job; you've got one. I      don't.  That is Howard from eastern Kentucky.  I am not sure how anyone can hear something like that and think that attacking coal families is OK. It is not just coal families who are suffering.  I have two electric bills from a farmer named John in Shelbyville. Shelbyville is not in coal country. It is in another part of our State. But 90 percent of our electricity is from coal-fired generation. We have some of the lowest utility rates in America. At least we used to.  In July of 2008, the year before the President took office, John's electric bill was $64.70. That was John's electric bill before the President took office. In July of 2013, he paid $107.30. This same farm, a new President, and a 66-percent increase in utility bills in my State outside of coal country. That is a cost increase the people of Kentucky and the Nation simply cannot afford.  My colleagues say they will spend the entire night talking about how we need to wake up and take action. They are going to spend all night saying how we need to wake up and take action. I wish to challenge them to think about acting in a way that puts the Americans I represent first and not spend 30 hours pretending as though they don't exist.  As I said, we have a depression in the coalfields of Kentucky created by this administration. Utility bills are soaring all over my State because of the actions of this administration. Tonight our colleagues are going to spend all night talking about just how great that really is. There is another side to the story. We need to care about and think about the people who are being hurt by the policies of this administration.  Madam President, I yield the floor.  