 President, along with many of my other colleagues, I pay tribute to one of the most decent and principled men I have ever met, Senator Tom Coburn.  Washington is going to miss Tom, but the irony of that is Tom really can't stand Washington. When he first got here, the feeling appeared to be mutual. Some just didn't know what to make of this doctor from Oklahoma--so frequently on the losing end of lopsided votes, so often pressing ahead on his own and never giving up. That was apparent from his days in the House, when we hear he led the only ``filibuster'' in the House anybody can ever remember. He may have placed more holds than any equivalent Senator in history. He apparently held his own bill once.  Fast forward to today. The pundit class has declared Tom Coburn a card-carrying member of the establishment. The rebel who once described himself as a kamikaze pilot has now been branded, incredibly, with a scarlet ``E'' right on his forehead. It may seem contradictory, but Tom always fought smart battles--the kind you might lose today but win later--and he forged an amazing bond with the people he represents. For Tom that meant spending as much time away from Washington as possible and making himself available when he was home.  Tom published his address, and Oklahomans were never shy about coming over to share their opinions. Tom was never shy about sharing how he felt either. He believed his constituents deserved the truth. He gave it to them absolutely unvarnished, but he did it in a respectful way.  It reminds me of the two posters he has framed on either side of his desk. One says: ``NO,'' N-O. The other says ``KNOW,'' K-N-O-W. That is Tom in a nutshell. It is why Tom has made so many friends on both sides of the aisle. It is why you can't flip on MSNBC most mornings without seeing him.  I think Tom actually prefers these settings. It is a challenge he relishes. Not only is Tom confident enough to tangle with anyone, he usually wins, and he rarely--rarely--makes lasting enemies. It is a trait that has served him well, particularly at the beginning of his career.  Tom first came to Washington representing a district that was heavily Democratic. He won a close race that year. I am told he also gained a friend, and that friend was the Democrat he defeated. His opponent's grandson actually ended up joining Tom's staff, which obviously is a great honor.  But it is no picnic being on Tom's staff. Tom works his staff hard. It is difficult even to take a sick day over there. Tom has always got the stethoscope nearby. If the doctor is in, so are you. Yet the people on Tom's team seem to love him. ``Once a member of Coburn's family, always a member.'' That is their motto.  It doesn't mean they love everything about him. Take his handwriting; it is just what you would expect from a guy named Dr. Coburn. It is absolutely awful--a mix of chicken scratch, hieroglyphics, and vocab from the extra credit section of an MCAT.  Back in the 1990s one staffer made the mistake of letting Tom take a yellow highlighter back to Oklahoma. Tom spent the entire weekend marking up a massive bill. There were handwritten notes and questions in nearly every margin. It took literally days to decipher any of it. It was like something out of a Dan Brown novel. Needless to say, an office ban on yellow highlighters was quickly implemented.  So the legacy of Tom's former profession gets him in trouble sometimes, but it remains the job he enjoyed most: helping to deliver new lives into the world. It brings a unique perspective to Tom's work in the Senate. It instilled a lasting appreciation for life too.  Even though Tom has stopped delivering babies these days, he still travels back to Oklahoma a lot. There is nowhere he would rather be than his hometown of Muskogee, and there is almost nothing he would rather be doing there than mowing his lawn or eating a sandwich at his favorite barbecue joint or sipping a cold Coors with olives. He prefers these things over almost anything else, except spending time with his grandkids and of course his wife Carolyn.  Tom has known Carolyn since grade school. She has always been the one to keep him balanced and grounded. She doesn't care that he is a Senator. She frequently reminds him of that too.  Carolyn is also the reason Tom is such good friends with President Obama. Both men came to the Senate the same year. At freshman orientation, Carolyn spotted Michelle Obama from across the room. ``She looks like fun,'' Carolyn said. ``Let's sit next to her.'' The rest, as they say, is history, and it is also remarkable. Because when Tom announced his retirement, warm sentiments poured in from across the political spectrum. It was a day--listen to this--when Barack Obama and Jim DeMint found something to agree on. It must have brought some joy to Tom at such a difficult time.  As he departs the Senate, Tom will leave one battle behind to confront another. We are sending him every bestwish in that fight. We are keeping him in our prayers. We know he will prevail, but he is really going to be missed around here. He is just the type of citizen legislator our Founders envisioned.  Tom has poured over more oversight documents than anyone cares to imagine. His ``Wastebook'' has become an annual phenomenon. It helps drive the conversation on spending. He has led on issues like HIV and malaria.  The Senate will lose a critical leader on intelligence oversight when he leaves. Tom played an invaluable role on the Intelligence Committee, where he brought a unique blend of integrity, analytical rigor, and dogged determination. He served our Nation selflessly, toiling for hours every week in a secure hearing room, learning many sensitive matters he could not discuss with others.  He worked closely with another extraordinary departing colleague, Vice Chair Saxby Chambliss, to ensure that our Nation's intelligence community retains the tools necessary to defend our country.  If anyone thinks our Nation's classified programs aren't overseen rigorously, they certainly haven't met Tom Coburn. He brought a skeptic's eye and a professional determination to the task. His probing lines of questioning earned the respect of his colleagues and helped the intelligence community craft stronger programs, while also reminding us of the value of many other intelligence activities.  Now, Tom has obviously done a lot to earn his reputation as a hawk on the budget, too. His interest there was never about the baubles of office. It is about solutions. That is why Tom actually volunteered for Simpson-Bowles. That is why he lobbied me to actually take him off--believe it or not--of the Finance Committee.  You always know where Tom stands. I am told he was overseas with a couple of other Senators when a government minister launched into a finger-wagging harangue about our country. Tom couldn't take it after he listened for a few minutes. He cut him off, told the minister what he thought of him, and caught the next flight home. So Tom is literally one of a kind. We are not likely to see another one like this guy.  Here is what former Senator Kyl had to say about him:       Tom's like your conscience. You can try to ignore him, but      you know he's right even when you wish he weren't.  Some people may think Tom is a member of the establishment now, but the truth is Tom never changed. Washington changed. America changed.  People recognize the wisdom of his ideas--about leaving a better country to the next generation, about giving Americans the freedom and the opportunity to achieve real meaning and lasting happiness in their lives.  We are going to miss the Senator who actually likes to get his hands dirty, who actually likes to legislate. We are going to miss the Senator who is so devoted to procedure that he sleeps next to Marty Gold's book, and we are going to miss a friend who understands that honest compromise is necessary to achieve anything in a pluralistic society. We are all going to miss Tom a lot. But he can retire with pride, and he should know that we are sending him our best wishes for a speedy recovery and a joyful retirement.  