 President, I spent the morning over at the Supreme Court. I was there to support the plaintiffs in a very important case against overreach by the Environmental Protection Agency. And here is why I say this case is important--not only for Kentucky but for the entire country.  First of all, it involves the all-important question of whether elections actually still matter in our country. I say that because 4 years ago President Obama tried to push far-reaching energy-regulating legislation through a Congress which was at the time completely dominated by his own party. He had a 40-seat majority in the House and he had 60 votes in the Senate. The cap-and-trade bill passed the House but did not pass the Senate. Even with then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi and a Democratic majority leader in the Senate, he just couldn't get the votes to enact the cap-and-trade bill. A Democrat-controlled Congress beat back the President's plan to radically upend energy regulation in our country. They stopped the national energy tax.  Just a few months later the American people rendered a harsh verdict on the Obama agenda in an election wipeout which the President himself referred to as a ``shellacking.'' Others have described the November 2010 midterm elections as a national restraining order.  My point is that this should have been the end of the story on the President's energy regulation plan. Instead, it was just the beginning.  The President's base wasn't about to back off from divisive policies just because they couldn't achieve them legislatively. So the far-left fringe pressured the White House to push similar regulations through the back door, to achieve through Presidential fiat what they could not achieve through legislation. That, of course, is what the Obama administration has done. The administration has attempted to usestatutes such as the Clean Air Act to regulate what those laws were never intended to regulate and don't even mention.  The administration itself effectively acknowledges that if it actually followed the plain language of the Clean Air Act in regulating carbon emissions, that would lead to ``absurd results.'' The administration itself said that if they actually followed the plain language of the Clean Air Act in regulating carbon emissions, it would lead to ``absurd results.''  So here is what the Obama administration decided to do about the absurdity: just unilaterally rewrite parts of the law it didn't like, on its own, without the input of Congress--the branch of government that is supposed to write our laws. This kind of Presidential overreach should concern every Member of this body, regardless of party. From a constitutional perspective, this is a wholly troubling practice which needs to be rectified by the High Court.  But this case is about more than just constitutional theory; it is also about people's lives. Regardless of their constitutionality, the energy regulations imposed by this administration are simply bad policy. Coupled with cheaper natural gas, the administration's regulations have helped foster hardship in many of America's coal communities--hardship which has ruined lives and has hurt some of the most vulnerable people in our country.  In Kentucky these regulations have helped devastate families who haven't done anything wrong--other than to be on the wrong side of a certain set of liberals who don't seem to approve of the hard work they do to support their families.  When President Obama took office, there were more than 18,000 coal jobs in Kentucky. At last count that figure has dropped to less than 12,000--with eastern Kentucky coal employment dropping by 23.4 percent this last year alone.  Let's be clear. These regulations are unfair, and they represent the conquest of liberal elites imposing their political will on working-class Kentuckians who just want to feed their families. That is why I have filed an amicus brief in the case I was referring to. It is on behalf of the Kentuckians who are voiceless in this debate, the families that find themselves on the losing end of a ``war'' that has been declared on them by their own government.  I held a listening session on these EPA regulations with coal miners in December, and many of their stories were heartbreaking. Listen to what Howard Abshire of Fedscreek had to say:       I say to you, Mister President of the United States . . .      We're hurting. You say you're the president of the people?      Well, we're people too. No one loves the mountains . . . more      than we do. We live here. We crawl between them. We get up      every morning and we go on top of a mountain in a strip job      in the cold rain, snow, to put bread on the table . . . Come      and look at our little children, look at our people, Mr.      President. You're not hurting for a job; you've got one. I      don't have one.  I hope the President is listening.  As far as the Supreme Court is concerned, it now has the opportunity to end this latest abuse of the Constitution by the Obama administration. I hope the justices will make the right decision in this case. Either way, I am going to keep fighting. I have already filed a proposal that would allow Congress to have a say in the administration's job-killing regulations.  It is time for Washington elites to think about ways to help, instead of hurt, the hard-working people of eastern and western Kentucky.  I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum.  