 REID. I will yield in just 1 second.  This is what I talked about earlier. We have been going 5 years with this--5 years--trying to stop anything Obama wants to do. Obama would like to see this passed and so would a bipartisan group of Senators. But for 5 years we have put up with this. It doesn't matter what it is. If Obama wants it, they are against it.  We can have all this sweet talk about how the Senate shall operate. The Senate shall operate by allowing legislation to go forward. This is a perfect example but, no, no--I have told them, if they want a vote on Keystone, they have a vote on Keystone. That is not good enough for them. They add four or five other amendments.  It is never quite enough. So we can see what is going to happen. They are going to let us on the bill today, and they are going to say: Because we don't get our amendments, we are not going to vote to get off the bill.  It has happened time and time again. We waste hours on this.  With all this happy talk about how the Senate should operate--remember, we changed the rules. Why did we do that? Because we had scores of judges that we had to wait for them to give us permission to move to.  We changed the rules. We don't in any way apologize to anybody for having changed the rules.  This is where we are. Legislation is at a standstill, and we have on the books now 140 nominations that are held up. They have held everybody up. We get a few here and a few there.  But the one thing I can't hold up any more are judges. We are moving on the judges. We are going to get the judges done.  If they want to continue blocking ambassadors--we have the Secretary of State, the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, who is going to Angola. We don't have an ambassador there. We don't have an ambassador to Peru. In scores of countries we don't have an American representative there.  There are some political appointments. We can talk about those separately. Every President has political appointments, but I am not pushing this. What I am pushing is the fact that we have these career Foreign Service officers who have waited an entire lifetime. They have worked in these countries in very difficult situations. They have been political officers, they have been economic officers, and now they get a chance to be an ambassador. It is like going to the Super Bowl in the diplomacy world, and they are not going to get that.  I think that the American people understand what is going on. That is why, as a result of polls we have seen, people understand the game the Republicans have played for 5 years. The people are going to have to decide this November as to whether they want another 2 years of obstruction as we have seen it.  This is good legislative policy. The Shaheen-Portman bill would be good for the country, but as usual we have a lot that is good for the country--and we have had it. We don't get much done in the Senate.  Give us some amendments. This is what they say every time because no matter what we do, it is not good enough.  Shaheen-Portman is a good bill. We have 10 new provisions in it. That is not good enough.  We can give them a vote on Keystone--that is not good enough, and that is the way it always is. So there are no surprises to me in what they have done today and what they will probably do on Wednesday or Thursday.  