 President, I rise this morning to celebrate the life and mourn the loss of a soldier from Kentucky who died while serving in uniform. PFC Joshua Gray of Van Lear, KY, lost his life on February 10, 2014, at Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan, from a noncombat-related incident.  Private First Class Gray was 21 years old. For his service in uniform, Private First Class Gray received several medals, awards, and decorations, including the Army Commendation Medal, the Army Good Conduct Medal, the NATO Medal, the Overseas Service Ribbon, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal, and the Expert Marksmanship Badge.  Josh's life may have been tragically cut short, but it was full of promise. He excelled as a student. He scored a 34 out of 36 on the ACT standardized test in high school, putting his score in the 99th percentile. Friends and teachers from Johnson Central High School, where Josh graduated in 2011, remember how very bright he was.  ``Josh was a very high-end student. He was an amazing kid,'' says John Robinson, one of Josh's teachers. ``He was very super-smart. He was always looking something up. He always had this thirst for knowledge--computers, math, science and technology. He was always more than willing to do work. He often came to me with questions--or answers.''  Josh's fascination with computers led him to salvage an old, massive IBM server that he brought to school to tinker with. John Robinson remembers the unit was so heavy it should have required two people to carry it. John said:       He was carrying it around like it was nothing. He left it      here. I still have it.  Josh was known around school for carrying something else around--Mr. Waddles, his stuffed penguin and constant companion. Though Josh carried the stuffed penguin at first for laughs, it soon became his trademark. As Tim Adams, district director of operations for Johnson County Schools, said:       He took Mr. Waddles everywhere with him. It started out as      a joke, but then it just caught on. Mr. Waddles became part      of the class.  Joshua participated on the Johnson Central High School academic team and the SkillsUSA team. Popular with his classmates, he was also named prom king and voted ``Most Unforgettable'' by his senior class.  Lindsey Patrick, a classmate of Joshua's, stated:       He could have done anything with his life, he was one of      the most brilliant people I've ever met, and [service] is      what he chose to do and give his life. That is why he is so      unforgettable.  Josh was also musically gifted as well. Angie Carriere, his former music teacher, remembers Josh's musical talent:       He was in my violin/fiddle class. He never wanted to learn      to read music, instead he insisted on playing music `by ear.'      Actually, he never really needed the [sheet] music; he could      just listen to the song and play it.  Josh joined the Army in November of 2012. He completed training at Fort Jackson, SC, and was assigned to Headquarters and Headquarters Battalion, 10th Mountain Division, based out of Fort Drum, NY, as a satellite communications system operator and maintainer. He deployed to Afghanistan insupport of Operation Enduring Freedom in January of 2014.  Joshua's funeral was held at Johnson County Middle School. He was buried with full military honors at Highland Memorial Park in Staffordsville, Johnson County.  We are thinking of Josh's family as I recount his story for my Senate colleagues, including his parents Seth William Gray and Robin Rena Gray, his brother Dustin Mollett, his sister Delaney Mollett, his maternal grandparents Andy and Kathleen Price, his paternal grandmother, Irene Gray, and many other beloved family members and friends.  PFC Joshua A. Gray was truly a talented and bright young man who could have done many things. The fact that he chose to serve his country in the U.S. Army is a testament to his character and his patriotism. I hope the family of Private First Class Gray knows that we in the Senate honor his choice to serve and we are grateful for his sacrifice.  I suggest the absence of a quorum.  