 No. 1, we have approved more judges at this point for President Obama than President Bush had approved at the same time in his Presidency.  No. 2, the majority leader has a curious definition of filibuster. The reason the majority leader has had difficulty getting onto bills is because as soon as we get on bills, there are no amendments allowed. Once you get past the motion to proceed--I would say to the people who may be listening and are not as deeply steeped in Senate rules--there is a 2-step process. You vote to get on a bill, and then you are on the bill.  What happens is that once we get on the bill, the majority leader has madeit impossible for Members of his party or ours to offer amendments more often than the last six leaders combined. In other words, he gets to decide whether anybody's amendments are considered--either on his side or our side. That is what has degraded the Senate. That is what has turned the Senate into looking more like the House. In fact, I am told of late that the House has voted on more amendments than the Senate. The assistant majority leader used to say--and he was quite right at the time--if you want to have a chance to vote, come to the Senate; that is what the Senate is about. That is not what it has been about in recent times.  All that is really required to get the Senate back to normal is for the one Member of the Senate who has the right of prior recognition and the right to set the agenda to open the Senate and let Members of both parties offer amendments.  When we used to be in the majority, I would tell our Members that the price of being in the majority is you have to give the minority their votes. It is an unpleasant experience for us, but that is the way the Senate operates, and that is the way you move a bill to completion.  There were a couple of times this year when it looked like we were going to get back to normal. I still hope it is not too late for that. It would be in the best interests of the institution and the best interest of both the majority and minority to begin to restore the institution to the way it used to operate.  