 President, this morning, I rise to share with my colleagues the story of one brave marine from Kentucky who lost his life while wearing our country's uniform.  LCpl Chadwick A. Gilliam of Mayking, KY, passed away on January 3, 2009, of an apparent cardiac arrest at Camp Buehring, Kuwait. He was 29 years old.  For his service in uniform, Lance Corporal Gilliam received several medals, awards, and decorations, including the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and the National Defense Service Medal.  Chris Damron, Chad's brother-in-law, recalls how Chad was happy to enlist. ``He'd said that it was just something he wanted to do,'' Chris says. ``All his life he wanted to be a Marine.''  Before entering the U.S. Marine Corps, Chad graduated from Whitesburg High School in the mid-1990s. After earning his bachelor's degree, he also graduated from LindsayWilson College with a master's degree in counseling and human development.  One of his former high school teachers, Scottie Billiter, said Gilliam was an inspiration to other students. Billiter remembers that Chad had a wide array of interests, from the football team to the Spanish club. ``I have nothing but great, fond memories of him,'' Billiter says. ``He was a big part of who we were.''  As a marine, Chad continued to be a natural inspiration to others. ``All the Marines seemed to really look up to Chad,'' says brother-in-law Chris Damron. ``He was a leader in the Marine Corps.''  Chad was assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 6th Marines, 2nd Marine Division, Second Marine Expeditionary Force, based out of Camp Lejeune, NC. He was an infantryman and joined the unit in June 2007. He was promoted to lance corporal in 2008 and deployed to Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.  We are thinking of Chad's family as I share his story with my Senate colleagues, particularly his parents Paul Gilliam and Mary Ellen Cook Gilliam, his wife Corinne Marie Stewart Gilliam, his sister Paula Regina Damron, his brother Michael Wayne Gilliam, his brother-in-law Chris Damron, along with many other beloved family members and friends. Chad was preceded in death by his paternal grandparents Willard and Belvia Holbrook Gilliam and his maternal grandparents Arlie and Edna Sergent Cook.  I know my Senate colleagues join me in expressing gratitude and sympathy to the family of LCpl Chadwick A. Gilliam--gratitude for his life of service and sympathy for his ultimate sacrifice. Without brave men and women such as Lance Corporal Gilliam to defend our country, we would not be free. Those of us who cherish our freedoms must never ever forget that.  I suggest the absence of a quorum  