 President, this afternoon I wish to say a word about Howard Greene, whose passing we mourn today.  Howard was a leading figure here in the Senate for many years. I know Members of both parties remember his time here with fondness, even though he retired from the Senate nearly two decades ago. And I think that says a lot about Howard.  He began his service here modestly enough as a doorkeeper right outside this Chamber. The year was 1968. Howard was 26, a student at the University of Maryland. He originally intended to become a history teacher, but over time his ambitions changed, from wanting to teach about history to wanting to help shape it--and what a lucky break for the Senate.  His considerable talents were soon put to work in the Republican cloakroom. It was a big promotion, even if Howard had to first explain to his mother that working in the cloakroom didn't mean he would be hanging up people's coats.  Howard quickly gained the confidence of Senators as he rose rapidly through the ranks. His deep institutional knowledge, strong work ethic, honesty, and sense of humor were appreciated by those who worked with him, and his talents were essential for the many who relied upon him.  After the Reagan landslide of 1980, Howard put his institutional knowledge to work as secretary of the new Republican majority. After so many years out of power, it was a challenging task, but he was up to it.  All told, Howard would serve the institution he loved for more than 28 years, working under Republican leaders such as Howard Baker and Bob Dole, until stepping down from his final position of Sergeant at Arms in 1996.  Senators from both parties had a lot of nice things to say about him back then. The late Senator from Alaska, Ted Stevens, said it could seem like Howard had a crystal ball when it came to counting votes and predicting outcomes, and he praised him for his ``careful analysis, knowledge of the issues, understanding of the Members, and . . . hard work'' that often made his forecasts correct.  Senator David Pryor from Arkansas, a Democrat, noted that Howard ``respected and served and answered to not only the Senators on . . . [the Republican] side of the aisle,'' but to the Members on his side as well.  It is clear that this man from Lewes, DE, had uncommon talent and ability. We are grateful he chose to share it with us for so many years. We honor him for it today, and we send our sincerest condolences to his family in this difficult time.  Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 579, submitted earlier today; further, that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.  