 President, for 6 long years the Obama administration has been dragging its feet on the Keystone Pipeline. For as long as anyone can remember one Senator has worked harder than any other to ensure that those feet are always held to the fire; that is, our friend the senior Senator from North Dakota.  Senator Hoeven has been a tireless advocate for the shovel-ready jobs project. The people of North Dakota are lucky to have him in their corner. Similar to the experts, Senator Hoeven knows the Keystone Pipeline will create literally thousands of jobs, and similar to the experts, Senator Hoeven knows the Keystone Pipeline would have almost zero net effect on our climate, and similar to the people we represent, he understands that the Keystone Pipeline is just common sense. He has done just about everything possible to make the administration come to grips with that obvious point.  Senator Hoeven, along with leaders in the House, such as Congressman Cassidy, succeeded in assembling and leading an impressive Keystone coalition that literally crossed party lines. That is why the opponents of Keystone have been so afraid to allow the Senate to take a free and open vote on it, because they feared Senator Hoeven and Congressman Cassidy were right; that there is overwhelming bipartisan support for ending the President's blockade of these very good jobs.  After so many years of obstruction, we finally get the vote. After 6 years, we finally get the vote. We can credit the people's choice of a new Senate majority for finally getting these gears turning. But we never would have gotten to this point without the tireless leadership of Senator Hoeven in the Senate and Congressman Cassidy over in the House.  I wish to thank Senator Hoeven for all of his great work on this matter. We hope we can soon celebrate a well-deserved victory for the American people.  I understand we have colleagues on the floor as well, and I will be happy to yield at this time for any thoughts or questions they may have.  